so failing... 2 outta 5 classes aint too bad
feels like i am comming down with something....lets hope its just a cold
as much as i love birkenstocks, these sandals im wearing are killing me... i need to soak my feet tonight...
they advertise online, and even post photos of the quilts. im sure even thats a stretch for them. dont think they sell.
mall today. broke though. arrggg.
watching zac efron waking you up before heading out to church i hate going to church. school tomorrow
a bad nite for the favorite teams astros and spartans lose. the nite out with t.w. was good.
are you a superpupermegaovermodel? sorry idk precisely but thank you for adding me here and on myspace p
a mile and a half from my house.
i agree. cleaning my car off made me really cold though
ummm...15 updates in 2 seconds? hax0rnofollow
i had tix to both ny shows but had to miss them. my daughter was just diag w hodgkins. 95 curable, still sucks tho
ive been reading about it on the news. it seems to keep getting worse. so terrible.
sure am, booking flights and tickets this week... hopefully see you there! i have regular sized business cards now though
504 gateway timeout need some help?
i almost burnt my french toast because i was twittering!
wish i was there too...
rumors say theres a new iphone out this summer again. just wait till then and get the new one p
i hear ya! im at about 1000. it was due in weeks ago.
rufus rufus rufus! bloody brillaint!!!! shame my mum is such a miserable crab or i could liten to him while i work
ooooooh! sealclap see, i download shitloads of zip folders off 4chan. i have no internet moneys. fuck yeah alicia amp mikey.
dam bezzy what up wit dat you neve reply back
i wish my computer wasnt broken so i could get a effin pic up..why cant i do it on my blackberrry
i miss my friends from elementary and middle school
so sad its raining outside tear
i wish my ears werent clogged... or my face. i am tired of being sick.
i am tired...i dont want to be here...9 hrs left
really like my new phone! need more sleep
i have such a headache!
didnt goto town in the end. tidying flat instead. am on an 18 month contract which started last month
no bad very bad not bought a single easter egg yet so in family bad books and dog is missing his extra long walks.
yeah, and my fave dale jr. just crashed. mark martin still leading
i is sad... patches is injured and didnt play last night
is your twitter aacount you ok now? what a pain!
it was a sleepless night
me too i is poor
you just have to watch it!!!
ive had so many probs w my twitter app this week finally seems to be back to normal . . . well see
, ..........than cortez.......they are in the quotteenage phasequot! well okay, kekoa joggedwalked with me the other day.
going to walk my dogs and shower before bed. sad the yankees lost the first game monday too! boooo
aww thats right.
wha so now its 4gb! yay! haha no more laggy computers! but my mba cannot upgrade
why is it snowing?
throat to just stop
closing time at zeros boo time to chug those beers fuckers
this isnt really danny. he would never talk like that. stop acting like ur danny.
just got back from the funeral of a government employeefriend.
odd q but, do you serve food in your establishment? i always get to 3am and get ravenously hungry but can never find food
no commencement speech para mi...
nervous all the time
cant quite see em from barclaycard
raining again should really get new umbrella
intranet search results looks like google , at first glance the relevance seems as bad as in almost every intranet
agreed. i wish it could just be pure and easy fun.
jeff says no, its slang. i could see where youre both right and anyway that turn is over. i am winning anyway
bye every one im going to stop being a 3tfan i cant do this any more im a fan only becouse i want to date taryll and he dosent want me .
reluctantly on my way to school. hurray atleast i can ask shyla how my dexter is doing lt3
i cant jailbreak a ipodtouch.its frustrating.
its her quothairquot i cant deal with
i am about to slap pops negative gravity around him for causing him to fall again.
cannot find her phone
still feeling really ill.
you tweeted and ran?
aww im sorry u have to go thru that. i wish i was there.
we need to remember to get flowers on sunday morning.
they stopped mechanical a7 comes aft that .. keepin fingers crossed for 2mor !
work work n more work with the occasional moan from a very moody teenager!!!!!! i h8 the school holidays
so going to the gc with out me...bummin make sure u get lots of pics
theres no wifi where we are at, so i will be without internets until monday night, no beda posts either
o wishes his vacation started today
4 hours laying down on a flattened bean bag ftl
i missed u today! now im sad bc i didnt get to see my adriana. well just more reason to get 2gether sooner next time.
i almost broke it again right off the bat! but powerade is good
have a headache...
hahahahaha! so wont try my adios motherfucker.. sad times it tastes sooo good!
just a case of photographing them all now
dont know darlin
good morning amy! your snow going away yet? i cant deal with budgets amp numbers this early in the morning at work.......
microwaves are really fucking confusing
is really upset that she doesnt have any time off with will
nice to wake up to! not! our garage door has gang graffiti on it!!! red paint on our white door. nice!! just called 911 for a report. fb
i have toothachee
dear pandora my blackberry storm wants you but cant have you...yet?
now that im on sugar overload... wishing i had a jar of claussens
im sorry to hear that erica... but i know youll be back in a minute, you always have 1000 things going on
yep all the time! its not real work cos i do it at home
waiting for my love to get home... and getting sad that there wont be hot cross buns after next week!
everyone is unstuck now but the snow plow skipped our road when he saw the vehicles.
is being forced to try this again by the boyfriend.
why ament i eating proper food? i feel ill now
my macbook just froze. luckily i was able to take a screen shot of my paper and retyped the end of it. i submitted my paper 1 min. late.
im watching all the pretty new flowers get covered in snow. thought winter was over
my babys heading for perth
r.i.p baby girl sandra cantu.....my prayers r with the cantu family, be strong!
aww ill probably just end up paying 30 for one off ebay at this rate xd
got back from the columbus zoo. had the pleasure of seeing a rhino go 2 and smell it as well
gonna be a great day 4 of the 6 members of our team are off
i no. its lyk freezing in stl! iz lyk snowin n shit! ltjnbgt
i tried youtube no luck yet how long was she on for?
sorry we missed it
no one better not upload the videos i swear if i see any clips i will fcuking kill you. lol
my sick lil man really wants to play outside..
might get into a fight tomorrow
is in the airport in philly annoyed...my flight is delayed
i love how i get a picture every 5 minutes from my family in key west...i also love how i was invited.
asot400 i cant get any stream video or sound
working from home...sons allergies are killing him! drop by for a visit
this is just great...
eating frenchtoast amp coffee in bed w dave! i had orange juice too but i just poured it all over myself
listened to a superb game by lincecum...but not enough power bats to help him get the w
omg adorable kid reading about cosmology. i can wait 5 years for you to grow up
feeling miseable. i thought i was getting better? one week of fake bliss
i never get direct messages.. must not be exciting, hm? xd
ages about about a year haha, i got totally conned over the phone with a contract and a really bad phone never use phones4you
just got back from the hospital. bfs nephew might have meningitis
causing a lot of trouble on this end too!
excema is back oh no
ho do i read these thingsss ahhh this is new
apparently citizens of brunei dont have to pay taxes. sadly the only way to become a citizen of brunei is to be born there
yep a loser.
how is it 1pm already? not enough done
wants a polaroid camera.
just got home from work sooo tired..i miss my baby
you look angry in your picture now... lol
yep snowed in! snow is changing to rain and the snow is heavy and wet. snowblower out of gas asot400
heading to bed...still not sure how twitter works and noone will explain it to me
at least youre staying up to watch tv, and not study
argh! geese attack!!!
with my cousin and jc trying to get back to my car so im not extremely late for work.... gunna be late though i think worth it! good day
im still stiff and ready to rip my spine out. ow! but it might feel better
hello tweeters..havent been on much lately...too busy hope your all well!
goodmorning!lt3 wishing the sun would come through the clouds i can tell this is going to be one of those days.....
got some bad news cries cant go out now
i am having some serious coding issues. i will be blogging tomorrow when i get them sorted... until then i am on hold. sorry gang.
cant sleep!!!! its 345 and i have to be at work at 830! dont know what the problem is
hey, its way 2 nce out to work
oh no my computer sucks. i dont think ill be able to listen to the xbox 360 fancast tonite
srsly i understood you first time. i was just think of the answer for 1.5 seconds. repeating in ltenglish just pissed me off.
lifee gets worsee ampamp worsee
my back is so sore! poor me! this is the part where u give me lots of sympathy
wow, i cant believe you guys think this is ok.
omg!!! yankees are getting the a handed to them this sucks so bad
there was a post about it. playcode was victor who had been previously banned
has finland sleeping for the night, not really enough time
yeah! interview... dont know even when it is...
cleaning up the house looks like its going to start raining
too many errands to run today.
just poked herself in the eye the mascara but i love mascara, its a god sent
hugs im trying really hard to concentrate on the nice dream instead. im sorry you had a bad one too, hon
i95massive traffic
wishing i could get tickets to the johnny reid concert on the 24th....no luck though only upperbowl left
loved being up on stage at gsl and meeting jb and suzi p!!! what an awesome show... shame i lost to a 13 year old girl...
tired... lame.. we still have alot to do
i asked santa to bring me him for xmas... he failed to do so lol i think hes such a cutie
i just wrote and entire story, and it didnt save. motherfucker.
aasshhh homework today
i have a cold and a sprained thumb ouch
i missed it. i cant wait to hear all the stories!
what happened? and sorry i couldnt come..left right after you sent the first message and didnt see the other til got back
no art tomorrow. and nice to see youve joined twitter!
is still sick, hate this
creepy outdoor on the speedway alli is now in portugal... seems not so good 4 losing weight not healthy!
thanks for the mr. tweet recommendation. ashamed to say wed never heard of it before
im not bad i just had to start over ok i wish i didnt have to but i couldnt live in funkytow!!!
not till later.. i gotta move all this shit into the apt today.. awww maleia wanted to see blaiseyyyy
awhs!! i saw a tape in my radio and its me and charleen singing what ever happened to our friendship?
feeling a bit under the weather at work
i want to upload a photo but twitter wont let me, says it may be too big
no, i dont have money, im very upset too
aww no invite?? lol jk. coolness for the day off!
i didnt go to my granpas birthday party because im littlebit sick
it was supposed to rain a whole bunch today, so i didnt go out to old settlers music festival. now it looks really nice outside.
is al twittered out
on the phone with the bestie than shower.. confused i dont know what to do
yes, but it was better than the 2008 australian film i just watched then. and less than 112 the length. i is depressed.
howd you guess!? shes deaf actually. shes orf to tclinic soon. lost all her high frequency amp will have tinnitis forever
reading buyology before bedtime... great premise but only turning out to be an quotokquot book lots of info i already knew
my sister is sick im up taking care of her...wouldnt have thought she was 17 with all this crying sigh
no patron in my cup
loving life.....hubs missing out being indoors!
yeah, and he was working out west.
waiting for morgan to get home from prom. sorry, mom, for the years you waited up for me.
not going out tonight cause its raining
man... intervention is soo sad
i was just listening to the sweets for the first time in forever! i miss them so much can we go to chi town for visits plz?
i missed the ending credits your highschool photo because i had too pee so friggin bad! lmao the movie was great!!
okay this holiday i plan to. go shopping in birmingham, have a sleepover. urm, go down walsall. do more fun stuff
wow! what a llllllllllooooooooonnnnnnnngggggggg day
sat on the beach in woolacombe. sun is out but its cold
is nursing a rather poorly dural tear and an inactive sacrum
yuk my nose is peeling again and it hurts
thanks for the encouragement.
i hate coming to work on saturday
freshly squeezed lied. they only showed the video in the end!
homework
good morning.. well after noon. i feel all stuffy and congested seeing my uncle who i havent seen in about 10 years today...
o i rated 5stars bc i thought i would get cake you tricked me!
bad start to shanghai gp today
think i may have to go to the er today
going to bed cause melissa doesnt want to watch a movie with her goodnight world.
it is hard to have no cellphone...
my schedules all messed up. gaaak. too many deadlines looming in the horizon!
argh! as a geek this makes me cry inside my uncle runs windows 98 and whenever his camera card is full he buys another.
cant wait to get stuck in traffic tomorrow. going to manila for a meeting
yay! back home early, but the sods will no doubt make me work from home
i have to study exams are in 4 days
hrm, your last two posts make it sound like im holding you back.
waiting for jason to wake up.. could be a while
so funny because i watched only the strong today, what are the chances? i miss capoeira zoom zoom!
someone left a few sips of mocha in the reusable coffee mug. last week. now its chunky
going to the dentist again i mean, tooth spa right
ohhhh....i spent too much
late to work and still feeling like poo.
thats the problem with missing people we miss the angel they were at a glance, at their best.not the creature that actually exists.
lmao no i dont know no strippers he wanted to play and we missed him
please watch this vid and tell me if you are not moved
it didnt make any sense to me, the suicide thing. i refuse to believe that that is actually what happened.
my face again... i miss this hair
ah okay, consensus is this is a tame start. thing is, the second half of this tournament just could get duller ipl
missed the sherman indian pow wow... damn cold.
where does the weekend go? sounds like it times for some iphone poker! if the girls will let you.
swindle could probably sell me that fanfic for a quotlow low price. ... i never noticed how many innuendos i actually use.
shud be sleeping but cant! im guna be so fucked and grumpy for this 6am flight! but hey... im going on holiday so good times!
nope but they were in uefa cup, because they won that copa de la rey thingy
has had a headache for 3 days and need to do coursework cant be boverd
just got home from a long night and im not even tired
in the library pretending to write a paper about social networking.
saw an ad on craigslist for a casting call for a female host on g4. i was totally psyched! but realized it was a hoax
just realized, i only have 15 days till i have to get braces...
im staying up as late as humanly possible, since its the last time i can for a week
sitting at home...borrreedddd ampamp sick
if i get a real job, ill have to get rid of my hair
preparing quotes all day can be a tiring job
agh...snow!!!
decided to give windows another reinstall, its obvious i fluffed something up, which is why the dvd drive isnt reponding
why do i always misplace my camera cord? i know i had it not to long ago
no one ever replies or reads my tweets will you please play mcfly falling in love xx
now i feel bad..i was out of line.really..should have checked out your blog before going off..
super sad im not enjoying the chicago weather with all of you! waiting for the cable guy, then to the office
im lonely keep me company! 22 female, richmond virginia
hello....i wanted to know if there are other people that have childrenteens with auto immune diseases and how you cope
i tried to tweet you about how annoying ls was when i just installed trial, but it wouldnt let me. uninstalled.
hoping i can fall asleep after watching knowing. definitely wasnt national treasure
omg that place thats really sad what happened
i actually miss d.c.s metro...especially the federal triangle stop.
feeling v lousy and all messed up.. chinese literature just never seems to be the valid reason why i should spend hours at it
good morning at work dont wanna be there fuckit another day another dollar!!!
woohoo . . ive hit 200 followers! lol thanks to those who follow along! sorry ive been too busy to tweet much, its tax season!!
the new kate moss topshop collection has me gagging for summer. still wearing winter coat. still a ways to go yet
so near yet so far.
wife has promised an evening of rock band. but since she only got 4hrs sleep last night im not holding out much hope
i still cant believe you have to move. i will be over after work to help paint. aww rip your walllllll
sigh i soooo am not in the mood for today....nope not at all.
tweet something damn it! and hang out with me please?
who needs a school library that is set for the 21st century?
mets won, went shopping, celebrated brads bday w everyone, id say this was a pretty awesome saturday. not ready to do hw tomorrow.
sorry we couldnt stay for more scifi movieing only got finished with the ep at midnight.
im awake doing homework. blah. wishing i was in cali watching your sexy brother sing full service
only 2.5 shots of cuervo left in the bottle
i feel bad for che ming wang though, he cant seem to get it together... and has an era of 30
thanks girlie i need it...theres a lot to do
ive had about forty or so messages, driving me nuts! x
hope yall have fun without me tomorrow. im so jealous and mad i cant go.
oh no!! it is broken ? haha i bet you still look hot walking on em lol
is feeling old today.
last week theyve got the bike minus a saddle
none of my friends have twitter
done with homework. sneezing but feeling better! 28 days
my computer cant open any files from the university so i cant do any work! i dont get it
my hurley baby got shots
dear pidgin development team please please please can we have a notify for the irc client, as i never read it until they have gone again
wrote the fucking greatest song in my sleep last night now cant remember it. school goes back tomorrow
insomnia strikes again
swindon draw, blackburn lose man this is turning into a nightmare season
i came second in 2 games of squares today... always a bridesmaid
i can see it now... i was having similar issues last night
new pocket god wont launch under 3.0b2
why not
i would if i had a car but i dont.
got the ebay blues! item i want jumped from no bidders to over 100 in an hour.. still has 3 hours to go. id better not get my hopes up
im gonna miss you sooo much tonight! happy birthday wont be the same
ughh dont do dat falls on me ass again brb
weather cloudy again, everyday same time rainy
everyones at my house. i want to sleep
just saw dan off neighbours walking down chapel street...random!!!! feeling like they are going to fire me at work any1 got a job going
everything alright?
i had a wonderful cat for 20 years. she is in kitty heaven now. but we have next door little girl with allergies
wants to ditch class and work to enjoy the windless weather today. but knowing nm weather it wont last long.
...im sorry. im feeling kinda yucky myself. 5am is going to come too quick
being grumpy. abu dhabi is so boring. there really is nothing to photograph and no one to go with
asthma fucking blows cant wait till i finish up asmanex treatments. follow up and hopefully final apt w pulmonologist is this week.
haha i got to be up at 8 and sit through a 2 hr mass. umm like 2 ish ..is that alright? is that too late?
i cant believe its snowing
britney was fucking amazing!! after we just went back to the hotel...i hate travelling with cheapos.
trying to sleep but not really, i dont feel tired at all and im just hungry
not feeling too good home with the fam
ugh i hate being sick i would rather be at school then be sick right now.
wait. it is my understanding that stuff is going down and i was not invited. as usual. why. am i boring or something?
having a horrible headache day and nose bleeding...awful feeling
headache anthropology work in 2.5 hours need to be pampered
wants a chihuahua but cant have one
i think my tweets would be more interesting if my life were more interesting
omw to ember wit my girls. i so need a drink now
nobody put me on folollow friday this week.. im tight! lol
unfortunately, given that uconn has won every game this season by double digits, i dont hold out much hope for that.
still in the center of lincoln wandering aimlessly round shops, wish i cud think of something to o. iphone running slow
coffe at the cup with sandi. its a rainy morning though
ill be cheking on youtube after the show to see if i can find it. sorry i will miss it.
i wish that was out here
listening to q! i got a really bad headache and a drivin lesson in ten mins.... lucky me i just wana sleeep!
it wasnt a very good advice
argh hate how forums dont let you delete posts
fell asleep a couple of times during vocal group today
only one to fill that position. theyve just tightened our borders or something which sucks, i want you to move here!
i just got suckered into going karaokeing because i know a few fob songs
gets worse if you live temporarily in the us and have european issued visa card. cant buy anything online then. been there
at work. feeling sickly
newcastle has fins.
i cant put overtherainbow couse that name have taken
just finished watching the movie prayers for bobby. broke my heart
finally watched s. peytonjones excellent qcon talk on fp. last 10 minutes truncated, though
just back from asda with my sons girlfriend. going to see dad in hospital later
wahh no csi anywhere! dvred i love money 2 though gonna watch it then sleep goodnight tweeterslt3
yay! it seems im still working in la quinta this coming week
lol at least youre eating something this morning, i couldnt cuz i was rushed out the door to school
is sad. she broke her nail bowling
im going to love this season of the hills... i can tell! spartans sucked. goodnight!!
fever broke in the middle of the night, but its rising again
m is the only thing i know like that back of my hand
didnt plan my gym trip well. if i go, ill only have an hour. cant go after work either cuz im off too late and work early tomorrow!
hates having 7,000 in the bank and not being able to get to it until tuesday, so is broke a effing weekend!!!
im sad to hear the news of an 8yrold girl who has been missing in our area her body was found last night prayers are needed
i need my double chocolate chip frappucino!
would really like good tracking info for girlies easter dress. it was sent usps, and their tracking system stinks.
bcus this kid has bedbugson his couch amp i say on it now im all itchy amp in a rush to get home amp take a freakin shower
i miss hanging out with you, too.
observe amp report is no 40 yo virgin and def no superbad. 3 out of 5 stars. saw more limp dick than i expected.
this is yk not feeding us
ahh ai dreptate pixar
salad from cafeteria is fing my stomach up.
yep, say hello to 1.29 itunes downloads, the new standard for highquality, overpriced digital downloads. sad, sad day.
she now wants an mmmf except i have to only play a supporting role would mind but the other two guys have huge cocks what am i to do?
what kind of docs? and what are you using to write them? were always behind on our docs
not looking forward to possibly working a double with a fever. but at least its mucho dinero, right?
class then work
my baby brought me a present today, a dismembered mouse...
watching slaughtered. im scared!
you are just awful
great! now im in the mood for waffles. yeah, i dont cook nor do i have any.
im fed up of sainsburys altogether, just been for the dreaded big shop. our cat food now only available in small boxes
im not sure if walking in memphis should have made me this sad.
nay my friend.. i must apologize..
can you believe 220 followers oops now it just dropped down to 219 made somebody mad decided they did not like me
it tastes so bad, i just cant do it
map wont let me put myself on it. la loche must be too small!
i dont like this 95 malarky i should be out seeing my friends who i havent seen in months stupid work
moulin rouge mad me cry!! once again!
upset that my cat wont take her medicine, again.
omg i cant believe this. i want to cry. freaking fb spoiled me!!! how could this happen??
cant believe its almost time for my brother to move to chile.
i know its so nostalgic!
okay, about the applepears, ive talked to a few people and theyve all had them before. no one ever told me, never
feels like she slept the day away. not looking forward to any more bouts with my gallbladder. at least i have pills now for the pain.
study group extraordinare about to leave campus...some of torts outline finishedgood thingbut sleepy as h...will be back 7am
lost a follower, thats just upsetting ha
three days since my last tweet and no concern? i could have been dead peeps! the reality is i forgot my password
sudburys never gonna win
wow.... and people here complaine about our buses here... dont know if this link will work im new
dang it... study break is almost over already
crappy day so far. whyyyyy?
that really scared the hell out of me
im up guys lloll
i have 18 planted and another 18 on the way. its the potatoes i think i have overdone time will tell.
killed a whole tray of hamsters
i think i ate some bad chips. i know i ate chips but i think they were bad
congrats! i love what bob doyle has to say..but busy tonight
bahaha yeah hows life for you?! im starting to use twitter a bit more as well haha. but damn tired, should hit the sack
haha. get backup ones? are you in math right now?
mad im not coachella tomorow!!! nerrrr mind conneticut! trinity college here we come!!! night for the night!!!
i crashed on my heelys
thanks for the link. it seems that penguin audiobooks dont allow sale outside us so no search result here.
is so bummed out
awww is her son okay what happened
well, that didnt go well. i couldnt put much pressure on my arms so i had to use my back to hold me up. bad idea, so i came back home.
cept i still have to get up early which sucks haha
i dont like that they only had him in the first movie cillian murphy is hot
is hungry, aching and bored
the link seems dud
that is lame
i wanna go back in time and..... tell my only grandma i got to know how much i love her and give her a final goodbye.
not wearing glasses on sunny days to even out my glasses tan!
is ur host down? im getting nothin
online bankovnictvï½ kb je offline zrovna kdyï½ je to nejvï½c pot?eba ï½lak m? trefï½, grrr
is about to go paint a house, and missing my bestest friend
sitting home taking care of a sick nephew wish i could have gone seen my friends band tonight
is hoping the person taken away in the ambulance by summerwood is going to be okay. lights and sirens leaving sceme is not a good sign
oh boy, spammer ed is back and hes targeted fresh ink books.
my cats are givin me the same grief! ahhhhhhh! sneezes, snot amp antibiotics.
i hate bm!!!
last picture of the countdown before i had to erase it
ugh. me sends you warm pair of virtual running gloves.
wow early start. i havent even been to bed yet. hope your tummy feel better soon love your aussie fan xxx
what do you think
oww the poor darling body of missing tracy girl sandra cantu found inside suitcase tracy
going to bed hungry... is my twitter page depressing? lol
sounds like we all had the same day here we are in a new one! lets all cross our fingers.....
sometimes its hard to drop my son off. . .
that overnight screwed up my sleep.
yes i do tweet back a lot but wonder why you dont respond. did you delete your facebook account too?
some people try to be tricky, some stop using twitter at all i guess its as good as it gets! i had to try.
netflix signup system is down guess ill have to wait till tomorrow
chicago!!!!!!!!!! too bad i missed the game lmao!!
ufff, theyre all now offline my moldavian friends
tryna dnwload the beatksking app for my 3g... but there is no wifi right now! sonofva! amp i have a sick beat in my head! no fair!
yeah aw but i know i wudnt stand a chance
oh and also i want to reiterate my condolances to the pirate bay guys, good luck with the appeal. good luck in jail
i know!!!
doctors appt
i wonder if friday was the spamday of the year. got 1400 spam mails in just 1 12 days
havent heard from hannah at all yet!! its very disappointing
omg ik the yankees are getting killed by cleveland 202 haha oh boy! tip reply with whois joeaa for more info.
seventeen again was great, reeses peanut buttercups x2, twix x2 me about to be sick
sick of washington.. i just miss my friends
5 days! wish u would have stayed this week!
today is such a sad day! ok, idk why, but i feel so sad! i have nothing to do... miss u natie!
can you not become a seperate program rather than use air? air is awful and this ram leakage is bloody annoying!
got to get some sleep..... got a bikeathon for charity 2mo!! should be good if it doesnt rain.... which its hard not to in england lol
worst burn of my life! so sick
digg links are now nofollow...
i may need you to give me a twitter tutorial because ive missed all of the replies. they arent forwarding to my twitterberry
finally getting some work done on this project. predicted finish time 10pm
is feeling defeated. give up, or soldier on?
my brother is at the local theater to see the rhps movie and people acting it out on a stage. i wish i could go. im a huge rocky fan
a photoshoot eyy...im sure you will all look hot ! come back to brighton !! say hellooo to the boys...love you loads xxxxxx
trying to follow my new followers but twitter is not letting me boo hiss
have you asked it why bit.ly is inaccessible? im now unable to read any of the articles my readers are tweeting to me
heading to work from babysitting since 8am gahhh so tired
is not quite ready for this all to be over. love these kids so much.
okay, so.. still no school!!!!
yay! about the dissertation thing. not the killing thing but yay! its dooone!
oh no!!!!!!!!!!!!! just sent email for state convention...may 1718 amp there was papyrus all over it. sad, bc i wanted to attend!
i just got bleach on my favourite tank top! noooooooo!!!!!! im not having a good day!
i cant breatheee... i hate being sick!
tonight was the best night for ages. the bucket list is sad but everything else was truly wonderful. i love you so much.
my cat bit me..... evil thing..........though i was annoying him....oops....
you have no idea!!! thatz what im goin thru now
i suck at badminton
ugh, big migrane this morning
wp hates me.
me too
omg am i being a stalker or what?! im having a 1 sided convo with myself...through ur twitter bradiekins lt haha
im not the only one, then! dude im scared to sleep with my crazy dreams, bahah
just found out daughter is leaving for kentucky early tuesday morning.
trying to write a song...... its freakin insanely hard!!!!
sleepin. halo tonight before you leave
thanks.. a bit better now, but still..
hey there!!! what a game! but i was glad to be there.
the jb haters need to get a life and stop trash talking about them.
i cant see you asot400
missing all my friends
why isnt bumptop out for mac yet?
me too denise. i have a small business and hubby is laid off so trying what i can to create income
is going to the tenancy tribunal tomorrow try to get my bond back
more boring job hunting..
i just hurt the crap out of my finger while playing football with the boys. its soo swollen and hurts.
btw, t made it home okay. 2 glasses of wine amp a bottle of 110 champagne. hes a sucker for champagne. also sux hearing friends in pain.
its not 24 hours anymore. wtf? but were getting milkshakes at the dennys on ann arbor rd. all the brokenhearted s bucksers are he ...
would they exclude rufus cos of his orientation?
sat at my pc now. wondering what to do, any ideas. my eyes are stinging
is gonna take some tylenol...never ending headache
im trying to do my work and watching come dine with me
sadly we cant turn back time we have to help to rebuild everything amp give those poor families much love
well, ill have to come out to chicago at some point this summer, then.
is tooooooooo cold.
confession i totally tried them on, but they were too small. john laughed at me
good morning. on my way to the funeral of a good friends daughter
god who let me drink so much!!!! late to class
i was serious lol
friends wedding tomorrow. but the venue is so far away from my place, and not very accessible using the mmts either. what do i do
is not exciting about coming down with the flu...i had just spent three weeks in bed sick...do not want to waste more time sick in bed
anderson silva vs thales leites lutinha chata
im feeling reallly down today
im on my way home from sponge docks. i forget about my twitter too often
ive been painfully tired all day long.
hey! you just changed your default.
that was the end ? asot400
just finished eating crawfish.. now watching it rain
lol.. wish they understood daylight savings has ended though and breakfast is an hour later they keep waking the kids up too
watching realkidpoker daniel negreanu lose 160,000 in four hours real time via twitter. hes losing it
mlady_kate gatorzone says 250 tix go on sale 420...have to be booster to purchase...2000 min for booster...then have to buy tix
hmm , do u really enjoy being with him ? if the problems are too constants u should think things more , find someone ulike
ive got the worst headache...
feeling like ish!
so all rsd09 exclusives were sold outtoo expensive me and tay are eating dinner now
well i wont be gettin of work early 2nite... dammit! ah well. mistake left my charger at home! im jus all effd up
said im not allowed to sign up for the baconlube beta
burned my hand super bad! ow!
im sitting up, unable to sleep
ack. goddammit, can you and denton get good before i defect to the best alliance or something?!
i have family that just moved to tassie, it looks gorgeous. i am so jealous. our acreage here is nice, but not green at all...
bob called me a twit....
why are you so happy when im sick
hmmm, im on holidays, but working. how does that work?
i know
too sad eric tadla is not with us any more asot400
cause people are tuning out! asot400
yeah...at work
that last tweet was meant to be sent before the nap i just woke up from. doh!
god we have a blizzard here
i think i like the ipl current format. just the way it shud have been presented! ofcurse i miss watchin it live with frnds
the episode broke my heart, even though wed speculated that this was what was coming will miss you terribly on the show.
thinking about practicing my posing routine, but worried im all out of body oil.
and so the editing of 3000 wedding shots begins
i came into the shop yesterday to return mysteriously missing c4, but you werent there. lets plan a tweetup.
oh my god me too! he should sing more, but not take the lime light from the others... but yeah he gets too forgotton! x
no one wants to ring me lol kidding im hunting for zombies not witches y
oh but mine is ceramic so its more ex abit less visible. inside ones are very ex! double the price n double the duration
im so sorry, but im changing my profile pic back
i wanted to crawl in the snuggie with bunny.
still feel feckin arseholed...a sign of old age me thinks
im officially a witness to a hate crime. oh did i mention the dying giant raven on my doorstep eight hours after the crime occurred?
oh no!!! sorry hon.
chuck liddel no win boooo
good morning twitter friends!! beautiful day n have to be at wk
off to work. ....hmmm
trying to telll my friends to get a twitter!! my cell phone is dead!
doctor said ill fee like shit for 4 more weeks. im tired of this crap! my throat hurts so bad! someone make me feel better. pllleaase?
ive bin rate limited on twitterific
ok house was sad.
thanks...u too....but my friends are taking forever...if they take too long im gonna go to sleep
thanks for the invite, but no bowling for me today.
oh dear, all the pups died 1 by 1 last night, perhaps it was because princess rejected them
yup, tweetdeck has been brutal for me since upgrade. reason why i am missing a lot of tweets
yet another injection
about to go to bed.. im tried and lonely since matthew went to sleep.
759... cant believe im awake on a sunday... its earlier than during the week. and im even tweeting... pff
wishing my 2.5 year old could understand the concept that daddy cant play, but better than that, wishing i could
chewie update. ocd in left legs fixed, but possible ocd in right leg as well, and worse still hip dysplasia in both hips not good...
managed to tether my phone then it just randomly stopped working and ive tried everything to fix it but no dice sigh
going on a memorial ride tomorrow rip steve he was one of the healthiest guys i knew and died in a week from pneumonia....
no, dont skype, i wouldnt trust my isp enough to try
literally spitting blood.
time to get me ass in gear and start the day
have no idea what to do..tired n lazy
i cant believe this cool daynight street rock doesnt even have a single heart
sounds like you caught it during the flight.. get well soon! lots of honey amp lemon drinks!
back home from a longgg day! today party time! too bad im missing someone thats pretty darn special lt3
hope i have a great weekend but for now im at home!!!
only one day left of spring break.
at degool cafe waiting the clock to be 2pm
it has been, hasnt it?
kevin has suddenly realized that all his cds are suddenly not where they should be! where the heck have they gone?!?
ok on my way to the airport...no i not going anywhere picking someone up
is still sick, and worrying the orange she just ate is going to come back up... ugh.
i had it as low as 3.5 last night
i miss the beach already. am looking at beach decor for my wee apartment
oh! did i mention it? quotgooooood moooorniiiiiiingquot from germany! im back in my cage....or better...my office
good morning twitterbugs! not feeling too well today....went to margaritaville last night to party...should i say more?
devan!!! morelike my sound just died! i recorded gwom news...no sound!!!!!!! well very very very little
all the old shows were better
love it . didnt like cying you cry x
my poor son put himself to bed tonight. we didnt get to read any of his new books we bought either.
flight delayed
i tnk you need to make me smile today! because you never ever write back to me but you do to everyoneee else x
hrm, yes i just noticed that too... probably best to ring up... and i cant make it that night btw so i wont see you
coming down with a cold or bad allergies. either way, im miserable!
i unfortunately watch waaaayy too much tv so youre probably smart not to pull the trigger!
i wanna go back to sleep
whoaa kid, slow yourself. dramadramadrama...
some1 hacked my account on aim now i have to make a new one
packing all day. i move like its my job
im laying in bed facing the wall and trying to relax but im hearing so many things plus the air conditioning sound is so louad
its really sad how everyones kinda grown apart my old best friends, my cosplay buddies and high school mates... just kinda sad really...
lurking at and reading all the news before they remove the news section later today.
dont talk quietly!
in super taco. i have to walk to school. and im testing today! dx
streaming is down in here asot400
re retyping tweets, i know. i via betwittered was putting the icing on twitters quotfail whale cakequot yesterday.
aw me too
i kinda want to put my bio up here but it wont let me goin on facebook now
mine was long and boring... just studying
banned from sims forums for the rest of the week. aww it feels weird. i was only sticking up for chanel
parasitk pixel form kicked ass. other performances were good. boring machines was boring. sorry dude!
i have to butting poop again
my fav english teacher, she just had miscarriage. amp u knw wht makes me sad even more? she was going to name her baby tamara
i agree. we had to serve a breach notice to get our broken stoveoven and the hot water fixed.
got sucked into a movie last night. am paying for it now in tiredness... and this is my long work day, too
headache. ugh.
youre right! its hard.. cant wait the brazil shows im so happy! but now they are in amsterdam..far far away!
thats so cool but i wont be able to see you well ill go to cinema to watch premier there with my brother cant wait!!
chelsea won 21
yeh that was the only helpful thing i found but no go i guess it must just be the area im in. will try it when i go home
no more sneaky late arvo surfs now man i feel the late arvo glass off is now a distant memory of summer.
awe babes!!! i so would if i were not broke myself
great morning with mom! i love pumpkin bread. so sad jon is missing the snow he wanted so bad! hurry home, jon.
noooo its cold this morning
lewis seems to have a problem but so does kimi raikkonen lets massa through so he must have an engine problem
good catch, didnt notice that. the b regex shouldnt cause that to break
damn dat really hurts. . . im really cryin. . .
had an awesome barbeque today, but i wish it wasnt 50 degrees all day miss the 80 degree southern california weather.
off to town. forgot to charge my phone so dont think it will last all day
eeeeew get coffee beforehand
using twitter for teh first time and that too from office... waiting for other members of car pool to be free...
unfortunately one of those moments wasnt a giant squid monster.
oh no. giants lost.
30 more min of rain f1
ive seen worse...must agree though...an ugly big kitty cat
hannah montana movie was amazin. i should be at the fall out boy concert
would have rocked the forecast, until one last batch of precip snowed out 0.01quot in the first hour. i just cant make up my points fml
got a really bad throat gonna see if weve got any yoghurt in.
well i did take a personal day today. hurts really bad when i cough and i cough a lot less when i am not moving.
uh...i feel so lonely i wish my bffwiamc best friend forever who is also my cousin has a twitter
..diddy has left the building.. tweet bluddy tweet ..thnks 4 dat. diddy live gt
this computer doesnt have shockwave...blah no account yet
feels lonely every1 is going bk 2 uni
lol yeah i will be ok. i think my dog just scratched my eye. like my actual eye ball. everything is blurry in my right eye
im gonna miss snl tonight someonetell me who will be on tonight!!!!!!
so. homework takes up 34ths of my life
man i have my days like that to...you probably will be up all night tho
last night with the dangerous summer. im sad
i cant sleep
i dont either. its depressing. i dont think i even want to know about the kids in suitcases.
i have one vodka mudshake not going to be enough!!!!!!!!
just got up i have to watch my lil bros ... mom is at work
csk lose first ipl match where is morkel and why did murali sit out ?!
are you going to start tweeting now, my love? probably not hope ure having a more productive day than i am!
are you gonna actually spend anytime with me? im moving this weekend
document management systems always a good idea, although rarely seems to happen in practice
has a sore throat so much for karaoke!
mmm...english is difficult
is feeling very confused and meh...
tell me about it. and we are out on spring break this week too
i hate hate hate target on saturdays
set my alarm to wake up... wanted to speak to my sis in africa on skype i miss her sooo much
you need to get more sleep! at least on nights before idol.
bendito nepoleon was not eating because his food was taken over by an army of ants i took care of that.
trying to add transporter 3 to my dvdaf but they only have the dvd version
first swim in about a year arms empty after 35 mins of drills and free style used to be able to swim for an hour plus
my throat is killing me, and while i got a decent nights sleep last night, i still feel like im about to fall over.
if only it were that easy. the windows are locked and were not allowed to open them.
new ipod nano. less than 16gb and i have 20gb of music. time to decide what to cut.
i went to get a coffee but the kids got to the milk before i did, now i have a can of coke instead
ooh noo promise me youll come to visit !! aww too bad!!
in a big hurry! late for appointment due to my work on my site
someone just got disqualified for sending in multiple entries.
just watched tropic thunder. dreading tomorrow
going to make dinner to my mom and sisters.. my dad isnt home again another weekend without him
i hate feeling that way
falalala la... its way too early to be tweeting but my stomach feels gnarly
my guess would be quotnoquot
you quotluhquot me?! wtf is quotluhquot?! i sad.
oh ho ho! and what kind of nerd would you like me to be? still doesnt work for me, btw.
well our high flying lifestyles and hectic social calenders mean we are doomed to keep missing each other
i think to much on the past. i cant change it. i deserved so much more then wat i got. ..but why am i still thinking about him gah
i think lost the net ? sure hope not
i just got denied sexual contact for a disney movie with the rock in it. i am none too pleased with this.
you know who gets under my skin? camilla belle, thats who...
watching on the atampt blueroom live feed!! damn i wish i was there!!!
sick on a friday night.
just took the longest nap ever amp wasted a beautiful day
flight delayed from 910 to 1034
my mouth is now on fire
man!! i want peeps now haha
time to come back to flawda for double dates! no, seriously, im sorry to hear that.
i just choked on water and spat it out all over the sink. it hurt. no ice
ahh i miss you! once these essays are done ill be back to being around. just stressing over these till the 20th
have an invite for quothealthy diningquot session at ashok hotel today with exec chef r.chopra but damn workload will have to skip it!
watching f1 hamilton spun in the rain
far too out of the way for rail. any other tips?
monty python and the holy grail the ultimate quiz i got 4250. cant believe i missed the name of lancelots page
feeling a little better, but sound a whole lot worse. i wonder what this is? is there a doctor in the audience?!
burgers with the ironteam after an epic workout...during which i got injured
i am in love with a irish accent...and it is a forbidden love. sad face
oki have to get off twittergot 2 get up early amp take one of my teenkids to dentisthas 2 b on a sat. holly asleep by my feetpoor pup
so my yard is pretty much flooded right now and the street in front of my house, man i glad i drive an excursion right now!
but your going away and so is b... looks like we will have to wait a while
and my pen just ran out of ink... its going to be a good day.
right..therefore im doomed
pepperoni rolls in l.a.? i called valentinos they said that they had sausage rolls but no pepperoni rolls
trying to kill time. everyone went to fiesta so im stuck at home til tonight. going to jon michaels appt. gah im so hungry
no supreme soul or ringmaster performance
cant get full screen though
photo i want one
there is a gaslight anthem 10quot but i cant afford anything right now spent my last dollars on resin to make toys
ah man that sucks! i cant believe all this sickness crap happenin to you out of all people xx
humm no support for remote cvs history in opengrok 0.7 ... guest i have to wait for 0.8!!
tanned and had dinner with my dad. now two john cusack 80s films. quotthe sure thingquot amp quotone crazy summerquot all that is missing is my bfff
but i nevaa finished it
blah....sick with the flu
cant say im feeling the best.
im lonely keep me company! 22 female, seattle washington
so much for going back to sleep...
client project work took precedence. its taking longer than projected and has to be done this weekend. bright side is .
i also send some updates in plurk but i upload photos on twitter! you didnt see any of my updates on plurk? zero?
running nose spinning head not a good combination for a meeting!
thats awesome!!! i wish i would have that many
ill second andrews suggestion. they might fit you in as an emergency. chin up. thinking of you.
headwinds and muscle fatigue will keep us to 52 miles today.
well i may just have to get myself a copy and a couple of boxes of tissues.
is out apartment hunting!!!! sidenote sad dat none of her friends r on twitter...feels like shes talkin 2 herself lol
i swear im going to unfollow you
im up! been awake for hours...couldnt sleep...damn xx
so happy no extra tax on booze ole smokes 25cent though
this music make me soo happy and soo sad,because itï½s over today ...asot400
my phone didnt get that message you sent me
im off the phone
lol. u read my bio but spelt my name wrong darylo ... ahem
is gonna kill itunes it wount let me put demis cd on it
can anyone recommend a router with good wifi reach? got a netgear wnr834b v2 now, but connection with the ipod keeps dropping
yowch! as if people would ever think youd do that really, how dare they!
thats awesome! my dad sent manuel n teresa to buy him a dq ice cream cake as i was leaving so i missed it
why were u sleeping?! ur gonna be up all night now how was ur bike ride?
it is more trouble than its worth to use the internet on a ds
oh dear. sunrise talking about the pirate bay case. i cant resist doing a facepalm as i hear about it
im doing excellent. sorry you have a toothache cavity?
last day in ohio. last day with kip for 6 weeks. but then ny watch out!!! im coming out!!!
awake. such a busy day! and its yucky out. that stinks
but all says not in stock
going to bed now...for 6 hours at the very very most. need to get so much work done tomorrow...
im awake people , got nothing to do today probably watch tv and get rid of all my programs on sky planner the joy not !!!!
we drove 3 and a half hours to come to a cancelled show. we will find you in houston if you tell us where you are
making a short video, windows movie maker has crashed for 20th time but my middle name is perseverence p , should finish the video soon
is about 2 savour his last coffee b4 fasting 4 his operation 2moro the shepp private hospital 7am
ohuh... my phone gonna ran out of battery soon... i wanna go home...
work work work! no play today
goodmorning! hahaha, let me guess .... cb? hahaha me not
im surprised..
taylor 814ce gt ampamp!!! sweet mother of amp!!!amp!amp!!... my livie is only 2900
apparently i am not aloud to drink while taking photos. no free beer for me
how did i get chocolate all over my dress!?
the only reason i dont talk to you as much is because there is nothing to talk about.
at schooooll not getting any of this accounting gayy
i have chapped lips, boo
that saddens me too....
i dont know what my gym even looks like anymore, thats how long its been since ive gone
i hit the car. he turned out in front of me.
because you died, and i never see you.
i do think vegas is out for me. have a virus amp my sinuses are an issue
to yes, mayb ur right, but im 15 and like a 15 yr old girl i really wanna be inlove again, so i wanna find him right now!
had a blast at the getty villa, but hates that shes had a sore throat all day. its just getting worse too
doing facebook quizzes... man some of them are so stupid... i dont know y im even takin them
going to school soon... cant find anything to wear!! gosh its so hard
leslie hurts me... on a regular basis.... even on a first date....
so i found out about the wii homebrew channel today, but my wii was already updated to 4.0 so i cant install the hack until they update
ipod is 100 completely dead... been charging for 15 minutes and it still says the battery is too low
dyed her hair... not all the way black sadly just got a job at arbys
is working again! planning a teachers work is never done
this twitter is sooooo confusing... my head hurts now
woke up to find this coldfluillnesstype thing isnt going without a fight and, apparently, beats you up in your sleep. sorry, keynote
i didnt feel up for it, i didnt fancy failing five times in a row lost my ï½50 though
still up trying to finish a mix
ah, likewise had the pleasure of having a packet of stuffed vine leaves explode all over me though
i cant believe i paid five bucks for these damn fries!! clearly lax is in no recession!
rt f1 oh no, felipe baby
i know amp now my expectations are so high 4 some awesome food right now but i know im going 2 end up with grilledcheese tongiht
i wish the !timemachine worked
i dont feel like cooking but my tummy is growling cry
tried to land a front flip, i couldnt do it
im confoosed haha
tried to install a twitterapplication on my phone. didnt work though, boo!
well i was there for quite a bit when your car stopped working p damn i forgot about your car sorry poor thing
i would too if it meant spending a day in heaven wmy mom and getting to see her again.
i have had literally the best easter ever! my brother is going back to uni tomorrow which is not good at all .. i guess i will miss hom
relay 4 life was soooooo fun, i am so sunburnt
stayin in...the crazies are out on this nice weather....scary!
is drinking coffee. parents come home tonight
lol yeh ill be studying stupid uni. only 2 more weeks and im on holidays! yay! plus my birthday next week woot
blu is nice, but kinda unstable.. tbh, the best twitter clients twhirl, tweetdeck, etc. are adobe air based
just joined twitter and doesnt know anyone yet...
i am hunting for my adios tablets and cant find them anywhere. must go out, but cant be arsed.
i should be sleeping, i have a stressed out week coming to me.
trying to wake up while checking my email before going to work while the rest of the world and my husband is still in bed!!
why am i not at the beach with ana and claudia?!
lol. sounds like your search was unsuccessful
youve got my sympathy ive got to go have my back xrayed
my best friend from high school cant come to my wedding or be in my bridal party anymore
the rain is depressing...
my mom might have breast cancer wont find out anything for. like a week im so worried!
sick and tired of hacking away at a third parties php code. the whole thing needs rewritten so as to be maintainable.
getting ready for school, cant seem to focus my eyes yet...not a good sleep.
still waiting for quotthe noble art of ironyquot ....that sucks....
so now its just a wait amp see game. i fall asleep amp it might or might not be there when i wake.
no muffs left them in canada....
ear infections blow
yup a fever. not that high but it sucks.
headache
i got all excited coz is following me, then i realized she follows a lot of people. i want tickets for her concert though
....i just got real sad
omg. just finished watching prison break. wheres gretchen? she better be alive!
i cant come tonight, geo. ill be stuck inside all evening commenting on papers.
work to be done first
dont like my new name?? superdelicious was already taken yeah that one, unless we listened to more than that one.
blech, it oozes out to make its own pyramid.
is a very sleepy boy 5am starts dont agree with me at all!
ads on twitter y ruin a good thing google chief sings twitters praises, open to ad deal
is back to school tomorrow
its hot
in my bed trying helplessly to breathe out of my nose without coming across the itchy need to sneeze allergies suck many things.
i feel lonely today....
go back home, such a xsue of time
lucky! i totally want mamps barbecue wings
im lonely keep me company! 22 female, wilmington delaware
ive been looking about for good stuff to write, but also been doing loads of uni work
my boyfriend says now that he also gos to bed
sadly, i was really looking forward to crimson skies. its also dld orig. games that dont work.
... what
long day today
i dont want tomorrow to be the last day of break
come on nick u can do better then that .....someone told me that joke wen i was like 6
wishing i was in del mar with pam
are mentions playing up or is the whole twitterverse just ignoring me?
u watching loser? i wanna cry for sean
i think my twitter is broken
logging out. i need to study....
is sad she cant go to the movies with her bff
just got twitter and has noone following me
after watching the f1 qualifying and procrastinating doing various things, im finally cracking on with some coursework.
so why is it that u like a guy that ur dating and u go ouï½ with another guy and all u r missing is holdin and kissin the 1 guy?
really upset about derek closing his channel.
you know tfa has seemed to totally disappear!
sending hugs
completely trashed last night and i dropped my freaking phone in my drink. no water damage but its all sticky
yeah... cant do this... but gotta find a way to just be okay. buttercup cant cheer up
another blow out on the turnpike. more tire fun.
yes
what is up with firefox?! ever since the big update it keeps crashing... at least once a day
ok. time to head home. sad to leave the dancing but the knee really hurts. i am so sleeping in tomorrow!
saturday! i could have gone to my friends 29th bday party, but instead i have to work. this sucks.the time i get off itll be over
like the post, but see now art work.
and i want the amanda palmer book too... was going to suggest we go thirds on it but i cant even afford that.
this rain sucks. amp im sick
wonders why do weekends fly by? and where do they go?
wat is the name of ur mixtape with quotr u a performerquot amp quotdo u kno what la pearla isquot i lost all my music and i ? that mixtape
miss you too... its been too long! come back!
cant seem to get over the dissapointment of haveing absolutly no one notice i am gone. sad i must not be boring i must not be boring...
is coughing too much!!
i have a sick puppy baby
i bet you are i remember easter as a kid was so excited, youll have a great day!
working alyssas coming over later to stay ! yea!
sonny with a chance in the uk, only 6 more days. i cant wait, but ill miss it. im at the mcfly concert hmm .. ill record it
i think its itunes fault i cant download it on my mac now quotstore busyquot if you got it, anything awesome in the camerakit update?
my freakin twitberry crashed again lastnight, megga pissed off!
ugh...going to school, bye bye
that is still terrible, but unfortunately these things happen. hope your friend wasnt too upset about being conned like that
the top of my foot hurts.
me eitherrr! idk, some people are just jealousss
damn, we are signed up for the banjo amp fiddle competition and our fiddle player cant make it!
i wanna c quotno doubtquot soooo bad!!!
i wish
lucky devil! im dreaming of a crispy bacon sandwich, but no one, as yet, has volunteered to go get one
is worried that he got fired from ssr.
pooooo!! do i have to go to work today!!
fun morning getting new servers into racks with a helper this time!. afternoon less fun, writing up documentation. still 4 hours to go
oo its electic touch right? i want to see tv on the radio.. but itï½s not anounced in the page
but probably not for much longer....
ive been cheating on twitter w work!!!! money over bitches!!! hahaha
left headphone dead.
upload speed is so much faster in the us... going home on wednesday is going to feel like going back to the dark ages
according 2 my lab tests, ive been on the wrong antibiotics for a week i had bad reaction to last antibios and i still have kidney infec
trying to learn css. i need better concentration and memory. i have memory of an 80 year old person lol
slut, you never talk to me! but yet you talk to rinn! waa waaa waaaaaaaa lol i love you courtney
super super tired...not going to get any sleep tonight
is going to take mucinex now. need to get over this cold pronto.
just woke up, im freezing and everything hurts. this is not good.
omg, i hear ya... its horrid
just been down to the opera house to see the star trek world premire...but missed it
lol awww shes cute. but cats give me allergies
jetlag persists. unable to sleep until after 4am. at 10.30am i am up and feeling nauseous
took me awhile but found it. poor nick.
im completely drained. i suppose day drinking does that!
want mooooooooore asot400
well shoot. i guess i should start yelling at people too. thats not my style though...so ill just pout.
ask him why noone is following me...lol..i feel very unloved and lonely
a quotour state is better than yoooooours!quot grin
how about an application for the blackberry?
cant find any friends on here
loves the sunny weather but is learning lines looking forwards to ss tonight, drinks and brownies!
aww thanks! i dont play harp i play violin very badly! think ill stick to singing!when i need a fanclub ill be onto you
surprised how little i miss having a house or car or really any of my other worldly possessions... but i do miss my dog.
reno 911... ill always remember you for what you were, but its just not the same with this different cast. im going to need some time
when i go in urban outfitters i mildly freak out because i want everything but then i realize 34 of it looks like shit on me
is sleepy, achy and missing mr taff
you know, im tempted to make the switch. first s customer service was great, but now i feel
i feel soo bad, i fell asleep and i missed 18 of his calls last night. he thought i was hurt poor baby
oh wow, a little chubster. you cant invite ppl to play uno on facebook at the moment
dang tammy but im not bothering anyone!! lol my motto!?!
used the term quotfail whalequot to a client on a pitch last night. from their incomprehension corp twitter is being done much lower in the org
the one day im not in norwich
asot400 i am listening to audio only bad connectioon
lazy sunday. staring at the screen
my peace, quiet amp stress freeness is bout to come to an end
getting annoyed easily today gtgtgt biofuel proposal getting annoyed easily today gtgtgt biof..
whats up with the world? why do ppl decide to shoot others? watching the news is so depressing
tagless shirts are good but sometimes i cant tell front from back, i miss my dog
bored watching law and order. wanting sunday to come now. i need a good night out with friends.
i am on a healthy eating kick! i could only have shetland pony.
hey imma gunna head to bed im pooped chuck get some work done ck, ill tty tommorow
brrrr...its cold
ufc97 had some good fights. rua is back. liddell is gone silva needs to quit dancing around and end fights.
just got home. have a hang over, and really want some cake idk why?
shit. i feel like a right douchebag now! noooooo omg we could have fangirled over him!
wouldnt you rather be at home?
messin with them essay papers huh? lol. good luck. i didnt hang out at all lol
last showww
hey why arent you playing at gaydays this year? every year i know tracys night will be the best night.
going to school and enjoying my last day as a 16 year old but too
loving my sweet husband. hes so sweet to me when im feeling
the picture wont upload it says it is to big, even though i croped and croped it...help!!
cant sleep i close my eyes and all i see is work and a billion ideas moving in all directions.
yeah, ive heard that method is the most effective. the indian food i had last night sure didnt do the trick.
nooooo!!!!!! that depresses me......
now i wont get to watch the spelling bee that is on tv
missing the beautiful day by being inside doing work
i need a holiday only one day off this year.
i wanna go record shopping today!
honestly? because the people above me are having a party with loud music and yelling and sex having apparently. too loud
i think i may head to bed then. sadness. i never go to bed this early. lol ily amp the girlies! lt3 and our son james.
i neeeeeed to start doin some workkkk
steam is rejecting mah money
i dvrd it and went to watch it, apparently the dish network went down so i missed it i will have to catch a rerun!
have a mojito for me too
im spending time with my grandma early tomorrow and i cant leave skittles by herself.
i hate being bored and alone. someone go to the park with me
sorry
bmg concert kicked ass! seats were 5th row. sorry no pics allowed in theater
hurt my ankle working out this morning ... but ive lost 18 lbs amp im gaining muscle!
i still dearly miss the symfony dev environment when working with zend framework
ive broken php it can stay broke its sunday morning and i cant be bothered
i want to accept this loss but its just not in me right now. there still has to be a chance
id be honored to have you at my bat mitzvah...unfortunately im 30 so ive missed my chance to achieve true womanhood
thats horrible sorryto hear that.
im still here...........as if anyone really cares!!
gawd in so out of it.... presentations for my eng class.. so freakin scary! i didnt even finish it. i kno im a bad person.
is sad to have just found out that rob lowe does not in fact have a twitter
wrote exactly three lines of dialogue tonight, then gave up.
being a begfriend! cnt sleeeep wiv daisss o monday n!
grrr... at home, sick... so depressed...
no, but my blackjaks media player is corrupt even tho its in rom so also wont ring. they say i need to get a replacement
woke up too early
sorry to hear that, been there myself enough times, although its worse when theyre in the same room with you, trust me
between moments of greatness, good friend pams mom just passed. great woman, huge contributor. changed many lives.
whered that mr pepper dude go via zenjar
im soo bored
getting ready..! my hair will not do as i wish!!
im back. now i need to work out what i plan to do with damn paperwork. tweets at home arent very interesting!
makes me regret that i dont live in the states.
kk dont know how we r getting there though no clue
yeah thats what i was thinking. would love to get your feedback on my creative. will dm you when dentist has finished
im sick at home alone
woot, i can do this too! but i suck at it and after a while and my subconscious makes it scary.
windows 7 bluescreened for the presenter
arg, might go home early today... not feeling so hot
so long as they dont come in late and wake you up
hang on. does anyone use fax machines any more???
there wasnt any red bull i am just drunk on water only
ya this one its just really expensive in swiss
not drunk at all
the animatic project is done. got a positive result. now i just have to write a 20 page report in 2 days. its gonna be fun.
deessss i texted you and now i am about to go to bed check your texts i tried to call too! ill talk to you tom
just got a phone call from my mom. mine and great grandmother passed away today she was 95 years old. rip abuela fela.
this stupid cold is taking over me i just want my bed now
trudging through the snow to class in my uggs...last week i was wearing flip flops...
going to visit my grandpa, and then training cisv... i only want to sleep......
i did something im not proud of last night
fell asleep . . . really didnt mean too christina
my feet hurt!!!!!!
cant see the flowers falling i dont have a camera, just my cellphone
fixed my account picture. that twitter pro april fools thing got a lot of people. i dont keep track of dates, so i didnt realize
my party was totally lame because hardly anyone came. i feel unloved.
wot?! hugssss im sorry... somethings better might come up
someone in romania didnt like mystic myre
lord bella ur bf is mean!!!!
damn, no luck with the acdc tix
not one item purchased in green bay. oh sadness
i need a way to get to the kid liberty show tonight any takers?
my site members mad at me and i think never forget me!!
just watched the trailer for adventureland on itunes looks so funny!! pity i dont think we get it in australia
godspeed, i have one this friday
yeah and since when were the scoops almost 3? im just bitter.
so we got the images back for the magazine spread, woop woop! would love to share details but we cant until the editorial comes out
sooo tired...dont wanna go to work
haha yesss! i wanna see you tomorrow
would love to try trillian astra, but its a closed beta and they wont let me in
lost in the scary parts of salt lake
argh, i know, wish they showed doubles. might end up on justin.tv if anywhere, but not sure
they were!!
ew the snow is still here! i have school today!
i officially hate mums new employees.
my daughter isnt starting her day off right. tried prom dress on amp it doesnt fit... gained a little weight
oh god, my dream was that i went to kays house and it turned out i had to do my german oral.
i was shaving my arm pit. and it hurts
ok... so 2 hours into the self imposed shopping ban, and i am already aching for a shoe fix...this is going to be harder than i thought
gahhh. last two days have been marvelous. why feel sicky now?
watching pokemon. where is everyone
i miss you
giving it up... no ones here
lol i did read it, of course! i just wanted to be a secret agent.....sigh you tread on my dreams as yeats would say ouch
i kind of feel like i need to boycott quot24quot now.
hates my finger. it hurts
dark forest is gonee
thanks for the rebuildersrebuilding tip. shes trying to help her mom thru a divorce, and herself thru a breakup.
sorry to hear about your loss
i cant find it i searched it and it said nothing was found
never hear from the only person i care about.
says si ty di talaga sa akin nagrereply.
i had the same emotional reaction to severus! he looked so conflicted and omg, i couldnt hold it in.
relaxing at home after working all day
another day another half dollar...
oh well, she seems like trouble. christian slater is trying to kill her at the moment.
oh man, i could see that one coming. it looks like that is the end of chuck liddells fighting career
its good, but buggy like a motherfucker.
im shooting for the law school banquet
im still here .. reading an article on a different site.seems a little dull on twitter tonight with no music
?? i have a weird bump on edge of my eyelid.. almost looks like start of a mole.. no wonder my eye was driving me nuts, night again
sorry to hear that but congratulations on the rain a few hours ago! if it helps, my lawn is just a dust bowl.
he was going to invite one of his friends over that both my friend and i like but he couldnt come
just got pulled over! i guess the whether had me way too hype! lol listening to that dern juice man!
slow internet just isnt fun for anyone
my boobs hurt
my bed just feels too amazing. dont make me get up!
im up and on twitter at four am in d.c.... i think i have a problem.
hey who is anthony anderson? get your sweetbadazz to invite me again to tweet with you...i couldnt log in so i lost the link
the ice cream is over
thanks, i have that one myself havent had time to look at it yet though sounds like i should!
goin for a run and then showerin and back to torts
has headache and a tummyache but on the bright side, college monday.... oh yey
preach brother, special k, single gammon roll amp water, no dinner
nothin... the sunday sessionistas take up to much space and make to much noise to be enjoyed
had a great time with sarah going to moes in ormond beach!! i wish i could have spent more time with her but finals are almost here
im boardin ...off to germany xxx miss the family kiss texas 4 me
anyone got any tips for a sore throat and swollen glands? lemsip is just making me ill
i have had zero time for either lately but im confident thatll get back to normal very soon with your help
cant believe im sick again.
going to the ren faire today. i hope i dont melt in the sun and heat
2 more days till i can sleep in all i want. man these 2 days are going to go by slow.
i sure do! too bad im in denver i need to hurry up and make my millions with my veterinary degree so i can buy my jet
missing you
trying to get this fu page..
sitting at work bored, wish i was home
office time.!!
sooo sad. last day in az. i dont wanna go back 2 school!!!!!!!!!!! no learning!!! ahhhhhhh!!!
seen your cuz last night in traf, he was with my brother... he misses u
bet mine was longer just got home
wishing i was in louisville for thunder
no way that is so fd. you dont complain about anything! i would have a tantrum!! ok... i get it now xoxo
word. i am making another cup now. i wish i had a latte though
me too why are we at school...
its a huge con!!
busy day today...
i cant believe chuck lidell lost going to have drinks at the yardhouse now.
yes, its true. acrobat reader reads only. you have to have the full program or another pdf creater to do that. sorry
is having dns issues again
is meant to be getting ready to see sophie at half past but i havent even got dressed yet xd i have a headache oh i better rush lt3
i hate coming in early, throws me right out with lunch. been hungry for the past two hours 40 minutes still to go.
aw i want a taco.
working lonely today really wants someone to be with
family get togethers make me sad to leave everyone
dindle manksniff foods corp. founder dindle manksniff disappears on midnight trip to fridge, presumed dead
haha i know.. i think im already outta the loop
nobody is twittering
i use to be a fast reader until school started! its taking me forever to finish breaking dawn
twitter says my twimailer email isnt working anymore. cant see an easy way to fix on ur site...
i guess doggystyle and kittystyle are just about the same. ew
getting eyebrows waxed. more pain
aaaah...what a beautiful day this was....i need to pay my cell bill...seeing its off aim me revesdoux09
love the french. i tell people here in the south im qtr. french and they snarl at me. french are beautiful people
twitter is really playing up! braces...brings back memories of bad gagging reflex
i have to apply for international driver licence not for competition, of course to go to nurburgring in may. must take halfday off.
oh. scratch that. i just lost two followers. boo
i wish i was too...its been an interesting night
having a really hard time focusing today
was denied my dependency override...now i dont know what im going to do...
fml. mom and i went to papa johns to get some pizza and we told them no cheese but guess what was on it?? yeah...
hannah montana movie make me cry!! it was awesome even my mom enjoy it!!! omg what im gonna do without hannah montana
lol 100? nope 8001000 thats why i was contemplating giving up but my rents sed no
time to sleep, to much research makes me sleepy and wanting to travel again sooner
going bowling ampsunburnt
i lost one then i regained it xd
im making a cup of tea. its steeping now. the dog is out on the porch. the door is also open. i hope that not bugs come inside.
watch me run into every cute guy on campus while im dressed like a slob bc thats how it always happens.
not going swimming
im so screwed.
hoping that eating 3 naartjies will ward off these sniffles.
what the hell, my phone has just stopped recognizing my sim card.
fuck i wish i was in houston. shawn connery, peirce bronson, timothy dalton, roger moore. and thats all i know
geoff amp the dogs are in bed too, wthe damn door open, so i have to laugh quietly
tests after tests
havent been on all day hanging out with my mommylt3
changed my wallpaper to zac, wtcc, and others. yup, ive been sucked into the holee of tweens.. its too late.. i cant back out now ahaha
i know the feeling! only a few weeks of the season left
i had a terrible nightmare about failing my june a2 exams and im worried ill have a similar nightmare tonight! exam stress is killin me
has a really sore elbow. i think its broken
is stressing out because my blackberry keeps flashing a red alert status for no reason!! its faking me out and i hate it!!!
i think the tv world has gotten way too accustomed to widescreens, bc i cant read the letters of these gameshows on my tiny tv
i know it should but people think its lame... they dont love me enough
greese trucks.. i cant be eating this... new brunswick, nj
my poor little ds, his hamster rocky rockstar the reality hamster died today, he is so sad
now off to work
most likely on tuesday or wednesday i have a check up on tuesday at 9 amp i dont know how long thats going to take.
has the dodos conundrum, feeling like i could just fly, but nothing happens everytime i try. cant decided whether to go out
tired..way too early 2 b up waiting 4 tonight !!!
working on my senior paper
of course the baby is screaming in the crib the night before my first day back at work. so i let him cry it out? boooo
itï½s such a nice day outside. and hereï½s me stuck at my pc
on such a warm day
hes trying my the looks of things on the timing screen but no luck so far
how come?
unfortunately he saw my sneaky advances and has already squirrelled it away deep under his desk
my damn filling just fell out!!! half of my tooth is gone!
would like to know why the internet is failing today fb
is having a bad day.
it still hurts
wants to know how come i always get sick when i have something fun to do the next day
is doing a shit load of laundry laundry night
should really go to bed now... but im hungry. i dont think i have any good quick snacks though
all of the rachel zoe project episodes online have disappeared, hmm, not so bananas
working on the holy week
hope the rain misses you, as its pretty miserable here just now
feeling doubly guilty for eating a tube of fruit pastilles
finished....hehehe... yay... sleep is good... dont wanna get up early
connor, its me, febi are you really really mad at me??
has a bad tummy ache. go away, please!
yeah i did, i was a slacker over the winter amp gained 15 of the 50 pounds i lost since starting to work out, so ashamed
t___t need more sleep but my body wont let me so i will draw instead lt3
i feel like an absolute pile of shit
honestly... now i really really really miss ca.
coming through greensboro just a minute ago sorry we didnt bring any fish
more snow this morning here in the adirondacks. its covering my crocus that were coming up
green tea with lemon..yummmm!!! wish i had peach detox tea
uh oh... i think i am getting sick
i am trying to imagine that it is raining outside...
have to go to work soon, first time in 3 months!!! fucking gay!!!
sitting, waiting for the parents to finally come home
so now im not sure if this is really andy
going home today bye val, thanks for everything
wishing you the best! lt3
36deg celsius, pani puri, my room..all getting over too soon
if youre new to twitter, be sure to change your pic. o_o just looks like spam to me. and im not a fan of the spamburger w cheese
the computers might be operational but there still isnt much to do
hey aubrey! how are ya? what are ya doing now that dk split?
sounds good to me! hopefully ill be on my computer next time
up and studying in the early morn, motivated by my very bad dream!
my new phone isnt as spanky as i thought it was going to be hmmph
damn. it just hit me this is the first year averys not around to eat carrot cake.
i want sykes back, really bad
ready to go to my cousins...at five...its now 1422
so cold
im starving but cant get out of my room cuz theres an unpleasant guest in the house
but its about 500.. im not sure if i can afford to spare that kind of money now.
is cold
thanks you know sometimes it is not a good thing to be friends with the bartender
sitting in the office on my own, all my colleagues have abandoned me
no more tangerine, no more baby ...
i accidently deleted my picture
hope it goes away soon
what the hell happened to the sun website? it used to be a little dated, but now, its busier than a mutha and ugly as sin
he didnt call.... again..
is working at region 5 gymnastics meet while everyone else is enjoying the beautiful sunshine!!
ughhhh i hate you jk lt3
it doesnt work your fan is upset
running out of battery. bummed i cant live tweet notes from tltsym09
should have been leaving new york city today if only i hadnt fucked things up miss him
i seriously had hopes of wearing something short sleeved for easter sunday service... probably need a shawl or sweater!
cause i might of been spamming his chatroom
i need another drink. and the orange juice is all gone
airlie is sick and now mason is sick too. he is going to miss his school disco
haha my house is creepy at night!! it creaks and stuff..scary. lol..im gonna go to bed.
youre mean
last day of break tomorrow
haha yeah i wish...it was at tuggerah
i agree, sendout cards rocks! just sent one today to a dear friend that i had to let go
i would love to be ill next week dude... but no pay
wonderful weather in rochester this morning
writing in the am of a saturday? what the hell is wrong with me? time to go in and fix something i dont like around page 50.
i miss you on house
dropped one of the earbuds of my sennheiser in my tea i really hope its gonna work again
off 2 work soon
still bored all the cool people are not online or they are busyaway
aw i want a starbucks
wish i had an mp3 player for walks.
off course nick i wanna go, but i am very far to you buahhhhhh, i am in peru
i hope your happy with your love life because it just makes me cry
evicted
could someone please send me some energy? im not functioning on all cylinders
did they play polite dance song?? only my fav. please dont say they did. or course they did. damn me!
levi good morning cruel world. why does 6am have to come so early??? why???
all by my lonesome now that my mums gone well at least until k turns up in 2 hours. time for reading and packing.
my footballsoccer team lost 20 need to win remaining games to stay up
oh yay, that means ill get here soon. gt_gt i never used to suffer but each year it gets worse
this is where i will be parked for the next three days. no windows
idk when your new cd will be here but still love the old one xd listening to one last kiss atm..
never again will i click on a link that screams, quotim a spider, im a spiderquot. i should have known better. yucky
i was in such a good mood this morning. now? not so much anymore. stupid work! stupid cellphone provider!
i hate fiberglass.
i just had two people stop following me
there wasnt an quotif you actually read this, send us an email to win a prizequot clause in there
thank u! it opened this time! i would love that! i had a french press amp broke the plunger,never replaced it! goooood coffee!
its raining outside and the forecast say rain all day. crappy start to the weekend
i tried callign it on skype but now its just going straight to voicemail someone mustve turned it off
everyone is talking about britneys concerts... i want to go
i have tons 2 do, amp bc im just not a morning person i didnt realize how poorly i felt til i got here. achey amp want my pjs
i have just really, really splattered the bowl
i think i must have the same thing thought it was a cold at first but its turned a bit nasty
i follow your blog.. you havent posted anything there in weeks
i drove through slush and snow and this sucky winter weather and found out there was no work. my boss didnt call to tell me
no new tom music?
maybe one of these years ill get a tax return. a girl can dream, right?
major hardcore studying for finals next week did u go shopping? i know they got a good outlet in portland that has puma!
i think i miss josh but still dont like him at the same time
ugh i highly dislike mornings
wondering if office max is going to take back the web cam i no longer need....sure hope so, that thing was like 100 bucks
noooooo! one more day of freedom then life gets tough again... i dont want to go back and i will try everything to stay at home...
i knowww it always happens like every week. damn. ill see you regular time on monday
just got out the shower bout 2 head 2 clunb sgugar but wish i was cupcakin wit lol
so sad bout chuck
thanks! me too! it was one of the worst feelings in the world.
been a long day. tomorrow is the last day of spring break and i need to get homework done
re cat. prob have amazing effect on vet bills too? watch for changes in character of remaining catpuss!
i need to stop all of this social networking and get focused on getting my clothes organized, but its a losing battle!
mhmm coles deli i hear we are getting feral brown shirts soon indetad of our lovely blue
wales has not got talent sadly
good call, but they were gone by the time i got there
ugghh,why am i awake
snow mounted up to a couple of inches overnight, very pretty but i hope i dont lose my peaches, tree was in bloom
frankie had nonnas and now i really want some
law lots of reading, very little sense
my niece anika she is adorable! i cant get any of my pics to load for profile pic
the computer is maybe entirely totally completely amp utterly dead.
lol i know i hate old computers they suck big time! p
i need to pass my test
dunno who is there with you, but shes no fern
ive lost my favourite mac lipgloss...im so upset about it....i never lose things
now im having a hard time digesting disappointment
so im not your i dont count so sad???
is not having a good time, 2 cases of cluster headaches already this morning! fb
the indians are looking like the 27 yankees.
tough love is serving as coffee cause i cant sleep without watching the end...im gonna be sooo tired church gotta praise him anyhow!
there is nothing worse than an illfitting bra
crap...i think ive caught wifeys virus
i posted my 91 golf up for sale last night and im already getting a fair amount of interest! going to be sad to see her go..
i just dont get it. what in a persons mind could even have them on some ish like this??? my prayers are with her fam for real
ive told her she either stops painting or i refuse to sleep in my room and she wont stop painting
talked to amp amp now i wish i could be there with them at sixx nightclub instead im stuck working.
just watched an episode of the office. that was 30 minutes i wasted and wont get back.
where are you?
did not enjoy his movie. 2 thumbs down
and as far as im concerned, i cant help but feel im going about everything wrong.
poor msu, was hoping they would beat them heels
laying on my grandmas bed, im about to fall asleep
watching fox wheres gretchen?
gahh its too early!
got to take cleo to the vets. not sure whats wrong with her but shes feeling very sorry for herself.
bsnl broadband is down for more than 24 hrs now.
i am trying only to spend if i have paypal funds, which i dont right now. plus cat might need to go the vet again this week.
no way im gonna sleep tonight
you font say hi anymore
no... sorry. i dont know what its like to lose
i am so sorry
starting the day off in a nice, quiet engineering library. my quot.quot key is stuck. gotta clean out the laptop sometime
sunburnt...ouchy
schoolworkouthomehomework
bodybugg amp icecream maker are not friends
my radio doesnt want to work this morning. its too quiet without it.
i dunno but i used to get fruitsalads and blackjacks from the post office...we never got applejacks tho
i wish i would make work disappear with the snap of my fingers
oh my gosh well be careful and stay safe out there! so sorry to hear that
knee still not ready good luck to my squad pacrim all stars
its not looking good for friday cheque didnt come today either. ill speak to my mum when she gets in though x
hates othello and needs 5 language features effects by tomorrow
man... so many people watching hockey tonight, i feel like a slacker. im missing my games, and thereby a bad hockey fan.
oh of course, too bad im in canada ... we dont really specialize in greasyyyyyyyy foods ... unfortunatley
sorry, but is this link the right one? dont get what it has to do with earth day 2009
course work boring
im lonely keep me company! 22 female, wichita kansas
another assignment to be done! an dinner with dad tomoz!
apparently twitter is experiencing some delays my text tweets are showing up like an hour after i send them. sad panda.
loves spending saturday nights writing an english paper
i think i might be coming down with something
arrgh! thickbox is borking my design!
wow its taking me about 10 minutes to find a parking place big enough! i miss my small car!
omg disney world was soooooooo fun!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! so many stories!!!!!!! but i missed tweeting
ryan talking about his exgf miscarrying makes me sad although hes like 20something with no ambition so it was dodgy gt_gt
doh... the ringing... its all i hear right now... i want it to go away.
incredibly, immensely indecisive
oh i cic, so much meaning to that ring. but i have a feeling id lose it
i would! but im not on a computer!
thinks he is going to watch walle tonight since he has nothing else to do
at the rbs waiting in a long queue.
im not still up i swear. why do i keep losing. gaining. losing. gaining. tweeps? so heart wrenching.
studying for finals good ol stock valuation.. options amp futures.. and duration management... its gonna be a long day!
where is nico? im dying...
cheers to all at webdd esp. , , amp . had a great day, just sorry i couldnt make beers after
what an amazing challenge thats going to be! alas... i cant paint pictures of pictures....
hellz yeah! 2 12 bottles...gone! what am i gonna do???
my last night in japan...i will miss it so
get up lady! see you in work ... boohoo
is on her way back from the conference it was amazing! sorry to everyone who couldnt come
no feelin well
i am sooo tired and soooo guilty
i think im getting the flu
when i read freezing, i think of 2 degrees. its april here, and it wont stop snowing...
quy?t tï½m thay ??i t? ngï½y mai, tin anh ?i !
off to the park with the kids. last day of their holiday.
this isnt really you, is it?
just seen the fail whale. for the first time in ages.
this is the best leather sofa in the world! its in the office though which means im still here working
ok la. at least is following me. jadilah
i am so with you in this.i just hate jamilla so much.
missing my boyfriend who im on the phone with but its just not the same tweet
she is sad
awww and you are most certainly a bamf! youre the new chuck norris, thats how ba you are
this is a lot harder than i realized, but i know this is the only way to go in order to be happy in the long run. just right now it sucks
damn my fucking brain... searching for an slab serif type called lubilin or something similiar
im sorry
is still so depressed about dr. kutner on house... whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy him?!
wants less of the sun... too hot amp humid for outdoor stuff
haha nope. i guess nothing is original these days
does not feel herself in these quotbusinessquot clothes
im up amys coming around today so i have to clean my room
know how you feel
if it makes u feel better i stunned my small toe on the night stand thinking i was late 4 work... it was my day off
plans for this beautiful day study
again with the fucked sleep... ive decided to go do homework instead
lol byeee time to go
well, so much for being productive on my 2 days off from angels
lol im sorry! love ya! stupid dating coach that makes me feel selfconscious about my hair
3 beautiful women here. all taken. grr. lol
its raining! but it doesn0t matter... i stay in home because ill be study
i think i need to unfollow the cricket guys for a couple of weeks s
misses david actually
is the contest over?? i just got a camera today, do i still have time?
soon! i cant believe im moving to nyc before california! life is so backwards sometimes. i miss you ampwant to see you soon!
feel like crap..im going to bed
sooo sunny! typical that the weather gets nice just as my holidays finish
had to bring the coats back up from the basement
i just got home but really didnt want to was nothing to do out there...
ah! i bet it does ive been like craving to play softball or basketball !!! but i have noo time
got woken up this mornng at 7am damn lorry , van and car accident just outside on our main road also causing car alarms to go off.
anybody know where my ipod went?
it was supposed to be warm today. now its raining
i love st. louis, but i miss memphis right now. sometimes i wonder why i decided to move away and leave my best friends
no luck no one has responed yet i dont think anyone crossed their fingers for me lol come on people this is a team effort lol
just played doctor for 20 minutes, and im really really sick! hahaha
is off to the dentist, then the midwife for blood tests..whoop de frikking do
wants an sa account, no credit card
why you should not publish bidvertiser ads. i need my google adsense back.
my friend coco chris had a party this weekend, and it seemed to have been awesome. fail. i wasnae there
i know! and im on spring break
i work down at a local pub just like washing dishes and stuff on satsunday nights. and yday they tell me i dont work sun no more
...flooded in at work. not cool.
nope they didnt have it
back to work.
lol, she loves doing this to us i wonder where shes going to in europe
p.s. hosed me down with gasoline
well, that was somewhat disappointing. i dont like places with no dancing. babys first was a bit of a bust.
for low squee
im sorry brian p
awe.... sorry to hear what are you up to this weekend? we need to catch up, ill be home from friday to sunday!
marley and me should not be that sad!
i do too i message him but nothing.
when i think of all the unsavory things ive done in my life, the most guilt comes from waking a kid for school..seems soooo cruel.
the street racing was lame, and the shift from college to degrassi was awkward. and the j.t. death was just uncomfortable
thx for the linksure enough, game2 doesnt exist on my tv, but ive been able to stream a little online better than nothing
oh man, i cant find a tenorion anywhere! what am i going to do?!
i miss your posts dude xo
doesnt feel loved. i almost choked on an egg and everyone just laughed...
hey kristen, thought ur work on smallville was awesome, havnt seen sf not released in aus yet any new projects coming up?
anyway, i am going to be super busy tomorrow, so i have to go to bed now if i plan on being up at 7 tomorrow. yay!
im alright!!! its stormin out here....that really changes ya mood!! sleepy
i know!! i can fall of the bed! big dream!
i am good, just about to leave for forks....i am not looking foward to the flight though
dang i have work in the morning
i havent eat for almost a day
just got home, going to sleep for a couple hours. no age of conan i hope i dream about eating delicious sushi!
cant sleep how frustrating!
we failed that song
im ok, thanks so much for asking sorry i cant respond to dms atm darn tweetdeck is playing up
is sorry she doesnt tweet as often as others p but i do have a terrible case of flu at the moment boooo
haha! its amazing isnt it! miss you! i wanna come back
re 900 you would have to have worked to get it! and you dont lucky youre spoilt enough as it is. p.s i got 2 x 900
do you want your possessions identified? no im still only on level 1!!???! my nethack mojo has well and truly gone missing
i know and she barely had a chance to get to know her.
is at the easter show...feeling nauseous
gotta go do some work now...
good turn out. evening plans might have gone south
icing all my aches and pains, getting back in shape is not easy...i always think im there, then push myself too hard and get hurt
flat tire hopefully daddy can get me back on the road soon!!
ouch i suppose a trite motivational quote would be out of place right now ...
what has the country come to? just bc they do that in iraq that doesnt mean we do it sad day
good morning tweetland ! doing my sunday chores so tat i can have fun l8r
kean univ. senior formal 2moprrow night.. gonna be crizaxy.. the dj never has a date lol
im back at the house. the search was called off.
sending good thoughts. im sorry call me if you need me.
art is calling! easter almost over school on tuesday
guess ill finish reading this book.
watching rent on broadway on dvd. as close as im goin 2 get 2 watching the play in person.
no yelling at your mother
jeez, this is usually the time when dad walks in and asks mum if she has a sore stomach. theyre fighting. no sarcastic dissing tonight
id pay 50 for hd picture and sound out. its overpriced and includes something you dont need, but ugh std def
hanging out, feeling good. i just wish it would stop raining. im done with this april showers crap.
are you here yet? have you noticed the sky is falling?
i think we all do
gaids gaids gaids! ive forgotten my charger so no phone until i get home once my battery dies
listens old russian pop group tatu, blasting from passing car. benya is asleep and does not like loud music
not sure which one she is! there are too many
poor everyone so im guessing meeting up tonight isnt going to happen? maybe we could like do facebook chat or something?
uhhum and this sister needs a huggg.
.. this response from support is blatantly untrue, fake accounts are shut down all the time! and it contradicts their own terms too.
why oh why is it snowing out?!
i just finished a tear n share size bag of dark chocolate peanut mampms
i lost my flash drive! i am so irritated with myself. my novel is on it.
congrats! im totally jealous! only wish my xm was working
yeah i never get to see her!!!
i wish i had my noodle with me so we could cuddle he wouldnt want to anyways...he says i snore which i do not!!!
holy shit i thought that was the 1 but the entries looked so irrelevant i thought it was the wrong tag ...what have they done
ugh
rock band 2 endless setlist is long
stupid mampms make my stomach hurt
soooo bored. left my phone at shauns. no one is home.
bout to leave but dont want to leave my new music set up
haha it wont work cause my comp is stuffed
dangit. i wish i was there
oooops lol. worth it though! especially if not your bath... unless you had to pay damages!
i am up too early for work.
i wish i was in the bahamas to see the i love you guys lt3 good luck at your concert!
txtchat with jake. lmfao. its frikkin awesome! i miss this effin boy so much. a hoping you guys would come back here na! xxxx
yep.....work....started badly and has gone rapidly downhill! story of my life to be honest
we had sunny days, now the rain is coming again cant go for a walk with my baby
i wanna hear it. why cant i hear it.
word to the wise dont make out with someone unless youre wearing chapstick amp such... my lips hurt.
...im about to pop a motrin 800 amp doze off to sleep...the pain is shooting up my face
is going to bed.
too early
dont know about that, im not a club person...and im pretty fried, beach got to me.
i wish it was sunny at least then i could try get a tan lol
feel like my head is gunna explode
attempting to watch this game.. its depressing.... and they would be playing quotif ya happy and u know itquot
its only been two days and i miss dance already class blahhhh xo
where can i find a bleeding chanel necklace lasercut? its like they dont exist anymore....
had a blast in austin with katie, six and ashley! back in dallas for one more night of texas. tomorrow its back to pa
misses the cousins
just finished slumdog, good flick but i was bummed, no bricktop fb
nah, i have to excerciceeeeeee
softball in...eureka................its raining here maybe not there.............eureka! it is raining there. no more fun in the sun!
my cheek is swollen my wisdom teeth are growing, and they are catching on my cheek, its painful!
a the picture of my big rooster is too big to use...
hope you have a fab time in uk miley!!!!! i wish we could meet up!
fuck. i dont want to go to work. i should still be in bed with godsolite.
i forgot my donut holes in the car
oh darn...its mandy creed isnt it
wtf? i would disown my family if they did that! thats some bs and i feel bad for your mommy.
if only i didnt work an eveningnight job
im lonely keep me company! 22 female, jacksonville florida
lucky bastard. i still have to wait 3 months
bkk has protest maybe ho chi minn city?!
poor bob. at least he had a nice place to fly prior to....you know.....
oh em gee. this is love want want want! lusting after things i cannot afford.
disappointingly reached an all new low tonight.
bitch!!! im so jealous!! im hungry right now too. ugh. u couldve at least taken a pic of them for me
alright there was no reason to share that again! awful
body clock still up the chuffer..note never ever stay up late again also afro is back
good luck to you! we start testing today.....no peace for us til friday!
up early because of school, only worked out for 35 minutes this morning... gonna be in vnc all day until my evening class lets out.
bored as hell at work with no more internet boooo
haha! hope youre enjoying the easter break, doesnt last for much longer.
still in office what has become of me?
who the heck is the fat then? cuz thats not nice
cant sleep... not looking forward to tomorrow too much to do!
quot well if you get one before saturday you should go. my roundtrip tickets were less than 100
just had my credit card pwned, luckily i wont have to cough up for it, but still a pain going through the disputation process
at this rate its hard to tell when ill get to i feel asleep watching the so from 2 weeks ago! not the shows fault though.
the weather is getting cooler, goodbye summer
cant wait for the deets, all alone in the newsroom writing about delrisco with a little vino and a little coffee
realy realy tiered
eating, eating, eating.................
and youre lucky, ive only had sad and frustrated filo
computerinternet is hating me tonight... i swear. and i cant find my usb cord for my sidekick
werdd. i need new rims for mine i bent the rear one when i was going fast then i tried to skid sideways... then ate shit. smh
enjoying lunch at the lake of constance uh that would be cool! but impossible
i hate college right now
why do holidays depress u?
why not saturday??
watching the breakfast club and missingthinking about katielt3 xoxo
sorry
hubby bought me a bike tonight. went for a midnight ride up and down our street. very fun but am now quite sore.
i so do not want to be awake right now boo school!
left work early tonight because i am sick.
going boarding tomorrow... last day of the season
watching the yankees get owned
just watched the repeat of zain challenge...smart kids!! i feel so blonde what day amp time does the show air in tz, anyone?
in a taxi on the way to get pizza. bad traffic and headache. worst.
i think i drove on it too long
have a sneaking suspicion that the sundays will be dire.
my dog cant move anymore. praying that he will be okay
great...3 bloody essays to write for monday i think im gonna die of boredom!
i think my email domain is being blocked by akismet
have to go to the car shop, my poor mustang is messing up
not feeling well again. stupid migraine making my tummy upset. and my whole body aches, shoot me now.
woke up this morning and my throat is soooo sore. i still have to go out in the cold air and run james grandma to the doctor ouchy
i wish i could follow her but our twitter is broke ill just have to subscribe to her youtube vids. awesome stuf tho!
working on taxes and marks...
its the budget in ireland.
got home kind of too late for chriss recital had dinner with liz amp cathy. what a long day.
reila woke me up around 330am and i still havent gone back to bed because shes asleep on me
been at the computer so much today, my vision is blurred
i have no money left oh well i dont anything really!! i can wait for 2 weeks unitl i get paied again.
aw im fine too thanks! yeah i miss you so much on the mfc but hope we can talk later on today kisses huglove
i hate when my family gets drunkk
really wish i could see eddie izzard on tour damn the stupid expensive tickets!!! cake or death?!!!
missing my awesomely sexxxy marine.... cant believe hell be gone in a month..
i only managed to preorder the jeniferever...cost me ï½45 for the new album and the old album on vinyl broke now as well!
i could not update at all yesterday
sing away... wish it was to me....
aw snapcase arent getting back together... i must have dreamt it
who should i contact if i need a 1099 for freelance work i did on linux.com throughout 2008? never got one.
i dont think i can sleep early tonight if i have to write a front page story that i have to email tom b4 i leave for the races at 10am.
sprained ankle...... hollies house with a shot ton of people......
bus seat to myself
wow. insane shooting in altoona. its turning so awful
grrrr...i need a hug but my boyfriend isnt around and neither are any of my friends!!
never want to leave australia. only one week left
watching highlights of villa match. how many chances do villa need b4 they can score??
damn them! seriously though, that sucks....
cramming for an exam
just saw two houses. love them both which one should i buy?! if anyone is interested property 3 or 5?
hows the beach retreat? i wanted to go but once again mi madre said no
thanx
i just made a twitter! yay...finished my hw for the day...still more to go 2morrow..ugh then back 2 school
just spent a whole day wout any outside or human contact really tired booooooo i suck!!!!!! love life
its his bd today..wish i was there instead of here
this is way to early to go to work
is anyone else watching youve got mail right now? rockstar. i need the pickup. its one hit after another for my ppl the last couple wks
yeah so physio was crap, still about a month away from any form of real physical activity. couldnt even sit and straignthen my leg
brought efa shopping to keep me company while celeste shops. now he and her are shopping and im still alone
damned antismoking psa wlittle boy has me so sad... pls cheer me up!
the simpsons on demand thing doesnt work in the uk
im sorry your gift card ran out.... that suck.
i was doing good until an ambulance flew by my truck and took my side mirror with it
tweet up.. no one invited me
hearing bling live now just makes me miss the sams town tour so much more
ughhhhh i so didnt see that coming on house. ilu bb
...and they think they can add me on last.fm
sad im not going to the blazers game wahhhhh
caught myself looking up the iphone. promised i wouldnt torcher myself as i still have 6 months left on my current contract
hallmark its almost over tho
i have to go to work in the a.m. amp i cant sleep!
good morning world ! its to early to be at work !
sigh, i think my pms is making my mind totally overanalyse things and making me sad
just read up about the film, looks good!! although we over here are gonna have to wait for it to come out
damn... i dont have any chalk! my chalkboard is useless
i too have a puncture
reading all the coachella updates make me want to be there
has decided against the tattoo as i promised the agency i havent made any changes. does a new nose count?
awesomee nite yesterday tho todays not gonna be the same.....home alone
finally home now... so hungry and now one is home
well i know whats wrong with my spine...but nothing to fix it right now, great...time for meds then bed time...story of my life...
now i have a new problem... dont know which to buy, the macbook pro, or the 24quot imac... much more power, for le... but no portable...
mum says im wrong its cold autumn paws here sorry pussycatisland
nooo, mom i need to know so i can ask whit and chelsea is in abita springs until school she is going to new york in december
finished the hw... going to lay down till mason gets up from his nap! probably wont be long
not feeling well
just watched seven pounds...how sad is that film
lizzzzz is da best. so not ready for my license test
typical! i have to drink more, before the club opens. ill be asleep soon,
pixies! i woke up late because i forgot to set my alarm correctly! woe is me for i shall be hungry without breakfast in my stomach
by the power of grayskull...i shall go to work!!!
i guess...
ok to get more serious again im now poking in me nose! trying to find some green but cant find none
i still want more followers.... celebrities!! for my challenge is not working too well!!
she stopped eating and is just sleeping all day. im worried about my precious little bean.
ee sheft shloon
but i offered to clean twice
to press enter. i think i messed up something underneath
the sunny day went away.... make it come back.
simcat zero result you dont deserve to get into iims !
where are you haddad? maybe my tweetdeck just doesnt like your updates but i havent seen you at all!!
morning all. so tired today, shouldve stayed in bed
i got chastised for kitty punting with you yesterday.
ive been thinking about getting a blackberry or an iphone or something, sucks that they all have 2 year contracts
im feeling lonely today i miss my family
is trying to get over her cold!
failing my stats class well dangerously close meghan rose lt3
tiredd nothing to do today
waht up twitters.....
62 farhenheit and cloudy. im sorry
what?boyzone are reforming???im never aware of anything
at gina maries wedding... my lil baby...
wanted to tweet that i was in victoria! but silly canadian service wouldnt work. home now and sad vacation is over.
ouch!
it would be nice if i could breath... im getting sick.
wish i could but im no where near belfast love the new song btw!
totally sick but all the coldflu medicine is missing! taking some daytime pills. hope these dont have caffeine i them. so sleepy
what happened to april? this looks more like december
am bored anyone want to talk to me???
dang it! i missed the fight just had dinner with the man adam ginsberg, u gotta check him out!!
is rockin the same exhaust for at least another week
i hated it! and i stan hard for em.
i want to go out and jog right now but my parents would tell me its too late holy crap i miss him, like, waaaaaaaaaaaaaayy too much..
is dreading 630 when h.b.i.c. wants me to shave her a landing strip.
sf is hard
oh my yes!! i miss
had too much fun last night paying for it now... going to go and fry an egg
dinner is not agreeing with me!
all nighters arent whatsupp
back in lincoln and its a beautiful day people! wish i could go sit out by the cathedral with a picnic but everyone not back at uni yet
well yeah
more os fun... muddling thru so i can get my pics up today tho!
i love how i can could easily read and tweed while working. with twitter.com im reloading all the time
i guess graphic art didnt make the cut, huh?
ednaiscool51 is up again yay! but all my videos are gone
yummy to bad you missed
was talking to benjamin but he had to get off missing him already
no i was half asleep and turned off the laptop after that
going out for lunch with mum, but i feel very sick and dont want to eat
you flight to germany but not to austria why???
got behind on email questions, only 4 left to answer ....
dreads going to work with bill and lola!
lol well you call it me enough im starting to think you think i am a tit
im so sad, when i realized that i not stayed enough with my friends
so much for goin bikin today, its snowin like crazy
fuck you
i didnt mean to!!!! i was doing something, and i accidentally kicked you off.
as one of my 10 followers, ,do you fancy coming along to my sons christening 1st birthday and christening party in june?
where is my clash at demonhead virtual console game??????
thanks. a little bit better today, actually washed hair got cleaned up. the burn still looks terrifyingly bad, though.
ugh why did the weekend go by so quick? had a really great time. but now it is time to study...for physics.
hi ho, hi ho... its off to work...
is heading to bed! what a bad day today was hopefully tomorrow will be better!
i believe it was 5000 postcard size prints. i had to throw them out with the name change of our business a year later
aw, i miss you too
an empty rum barrel is a sad rum barrel. shakes head the horror, the horror.
still dont know what country to visit
has wasted alllllllll of her day
i had butterflies in my tummy, its all because of what well be facing on monday hbu?
ok i have to get to bed moving tomorrow and the next day
will you be showing me some love you sexy swine, feeling abit lonely go on you know you wanna x
maybe that was unclear... im planning to post on my own website later than usual today, due to technical issues
oh dear.. whats happened
4.30am home nice orthodoxeaster great soup and flaounes, my egg lost now time for bed goodnight all
i am looking forward the summer tour! gotta go to concord cause you arent coming to sactown again but i will be where u are
continuing to work away on this joomla template while looking after the missus sheï½s sadly not feeling too well today
going to explode, farrr too much mexican rice. work tomorrow
handyman just cancelled on me
wont be tweeting much tonight maybe all tweets will come out in form of tweet vomit later at about 1 in the morning.
bordeline cases... the best thing to be thinking about in the early hours of the day.
whenever. you are always welcome. althought their is no guest room which is unfortunate.
i cant sleep ugghhh
fix my puter... its taking a dump.
ow,i totally ate pavement this morn at stephens green luas stop.so sore!and there was a freaking tv camera there!of all the times to fall
lmao. damn... nvm! especially if u nodding off
me and al were going to call you last night to come out. but we thought you might be sick.
waited an hour to be seated, an hour to get our food and then the food was cold. tres agaves resturant
cant type
ha ha ha damn i had such good time chillin wit my favorite hizzo danced my face off the lodge never made it to backbooth ..
i understand. i think i have a cavity!
im lonely keep me company! 22 female, jackson mississippi
last one!!! but still not done!!!
dam it! i just burnt the brownies that i just made!!
i feel u boo... i neeeeeed to get in the studio like asap... mann
_secretgarden_ i havent gotten any porn spammers i dont check my followers, but havent had any tweets like that.
i feel your pain! boohoo some of us have alot to do in apr.
thanks! my mom wont give me pain pills to make the pain go away though.
thank you!! i spent ages on thursday tidying up, then along came everyone and it looked like a right tip again
my version of touching my shoulders and my stylists are very different. hair is way short
see? my life is gone really flat! crap!
u and product didnt come to my party
got my ass kicked at the pool function last night... ive never been so sore!!!
gay gay gay i wana c demi but chi concert in on shabbat and everywhere else shes goin is liek 5 hours awayyyy gayyyy
u poor thing.
too much flash, and the guestbook is outdated
yeh i know but it wasnt on the showbags list in the paper the other day i heard that they are broadcasting from the show on thurs
sounds not working
going to call pizza hut delivery for lunch. nobody is at home
my friend took nick off her twitter and is crying over that lol
hi steffany not much new here rain stuffy head cold grouchy john you look like youre doing well still smiling!
former miss north dakota and journalist roxana saberi convicted of espionage in iran. 8 years prison sentence
my lunch was awful.
i am not too happy with mf global trading platform
im sorry mark, i have 2 shoots today. any luck?!???
thank you i feel sad but hope we can give her a nice life til the end now.
marley and me. i am crying like a kid, but a good movie. have a good night people
am meant to be lunching with some colleages who are in a meeting. ive no idea when theyll be out, nor if theyll tell me when they are
gahhh this twitter app fails
i feel slow i dnt understand this shit
essendon lost by 2 goals scores just came on the big screen here.
php playing up yet again ... showform come on work u little .
ive been in the bed since saturday.... and its tuesday
reading a really good book... tonight and tomorrow night are the last nights in my bed for a week bed ill miss you!
going to support ! also, my voice is worse than ever
headache.
yes!!!!!! i cant wait to see, i could have been an extra but i couldnt make it to toronto
gorgeous, i told you that your foundation has been discontinued yes? its getting recalled on april 14 xox
i love my late nights at work. i dont have to go in until noon. should i go back to sleep now?! i dunno
hey ive finished homework but b is tired...
arghhh spent all yesterday doing a dps for wmb, found out just now that were only booked in for 1 page now start again then..
i think i broke my finger
i dont have anything in my paypal now. sent all to last time and im kangal
i need coffee, lol, i saw you tweet this on mcintec net lol it comes up before mibbit, mibbit is so slow on twitter, it sucks
is going to bed early bc i have work tomorrow
no go if only it were tomorrrrooooo
would use red onion if we had any. chives are abundant at the moment so using them instead. lid of sunflower seeds is stuck
finished ma pasta gotta get on and do my homework now..grrr
this headache is still splitting my head open, for the 4th day in a row now.
heading to the airport, boo goodbye, sunny florida! goodbye kostyas and hiltzs! goodbye alligators! we will miss thee.
seems tweetdeck wont show tweets in chinese
im sadly addicted to celeb gossip .. real of fake. aw
waiting for the doctorrrr wee
has realized that twitter is getting more attention from her mama then she is....hahaha lame!
done with breakfast. were out of milk
yeah yeah offer it now im halfway home
wants a unibody 17inch macbook pro, but cant really justify it considering my current one is no slouch
my 4 year old 18 year old is driving me around the twist...i dont want to be like this
thats sad
err the storm has ended. not sure whos been devastated more
thanks! but i cant open it! some error keeps occuring
the seas are rough today....my stomach is not gonna be happy
why is it that anytime that i plan what do, i get sick and all the plans go out the window.
im so torn between the bold, my 8330 amp the 8900
ilp.nba.com inaccessible right now anybody have this problem too? nba nbaplayoffs
isnt feeling well, still dont get why people say theyre pregnancy is the most beautifull time of theyre life
i will eat ... but pffff
truthfully we just did our thing that school... driving back to ny now estimated time 4hrs!!??
gah. sorry aboutt that
i cant seem to let go. i hate crying and not having a shoulder to cry on take me away, im gonna hurt somebody. take me away right now.
needless to say, im worried to death.
hi! noo, the sign must have fallen off. no wolf whistling today gee, i was perfecting my evil stare too.. damn..
im trying to plan trips...low budget though...dont think it is working
aw, i got all excited from your tweet to she_writes, hehe. but yeah, i miss fullservice gas stations.
aaaah, sadly, not really no as there is a big chunk of it missing what did you think of the final watch? x
oh god. so sick of editing. not even halfway through
hope you had good day, but didnt see you at puffin stand maybe next year.
a thats sucks ass we will have to take pleasure out of other ppls stories and photos...oh well heavy sigh
oh..i hate you for getting to watch slumdog this early me, i have to wait for the actual day its coming out
ok... maybe ill sleep for an hour or two. then i must rise to work on my thesis
last day at lshs tomorrow
wow home alone again...
there was a kitty in the parking garage when i got home, but i couldnt get it. i hope it doesnt get run over
i wouldve been the first, but i didnt have a gun. not really though, zac snyders just a doucheclown.
the suns out and im stuck inside
im trying not to do anything today as i probably have the flu, but still have mtg with my adviser, career fair, chem quiz, amp group mtg!
hey. lol. btw u know how to upload a picture? i tried but it never shows xo
morning everyone. bad dream woke me up
bah! delayed another half hour. weather conditions in sfo
yes and its probably not doable to be leeted for a dht post if not a pt, despite management quals and previous history
off to work. it is the start of a beautiful day and i will be stuck inside.
head hurts wish it would quotshut up!!quot... let me smile again
im lonely keep me company! 22 female, duluth minnesota
fat days are the worst. if men only knew what 5lbs can do to us.
destinys child were an amazing band cause you a bug a boo, a bug a boo .
feel like i just got raped. never satisfied when that happens
the harpies are still upstairs cackling away...go home and leave me in peace, please!!
didnt announce reading lineup
i still cant understand linked in. what sthe point of it again? just got bakc from shoot. bloody exhausted. i need a hug
what happened?
got to go to...... sux i cant text there i cant text from 9am2.30pm ill text people later today. may not do blogtv for a while not sure
oh paula hope you get better! lots of love xoxo
not the whole crew
goodnight! big run tomorrow. how it doesnt rain too much
feel better, pally!
headache!
sony ericsson w715, something seriously wrong with them. they decide when they want to send texts, most of the time they dont want to
yea, not many people have this
also, rivers and spires will probably be rained out. rainy day and a goiter.
why isnt twhirl andor twitter making my urls tiny?
the site if down i believe. it shows a 503 server unavailable error. whats the issue?
not looking forward to going to work
bientï½t dï½collage vacances, bye bye twitterï½
tutor time! here until three. not many kids because they are on spring break. so, i get to study strengths!
damn thumb is throbbing, they forgot to give me a perscription for the pain meds and the over the counter stuff just dont cut it
exactly! that was the core of my concept for virgin. just a shame the money ran out before we could realise it
off to geology class super tired.
is back at work...although i wish i was back in bed...
ooops! make that aistralian not welsh....
puffy eyes are awesome! i dont even have a good story to go along with it
lol o lawd .. awwa u should com wit us
im bored and have nothing to do... plus in pain cause arm now really weak and hurting after the hospital
me too... ill see on amazon uk.. otherwise they make me pay custom tax if i order it from the us
beautiful day ruined by copious amounts of schoolwork.
dude your so awesome but we dont hear much of you over here in n.z
morning folks... here i am bored at work again.. only 5 more hours to go.. then all over again tomorrow
i wish i was in sydney!
no longer innocent then...
hundreds of miles in under 24 hours? amp im still not super man
loaded with the cold great fun!!!
i went out with a friend visiting from utah. she used to live here. didnt know she knew jjs and we shoulda went to stenchs show instead
sorry hun just not sure if i can any more time off atm. could meet up after hammersmith tho? you staying in london then? x
but its okay cuz i can get it at wal mart
strawberry is the absolute best angel delight eva! i had chocolate once, but it was too sweet.
just got back from bowling the city tournament in nashville. bowling was bad
thinks amandas road rage is hysterical! hahahaha i miss her
im broke
maybe ill try reading it over the summer... seeing as i wont have a life cause i have to work two jobs
no email.
being bored as usualampamplost my voice
is feeling lonely
audio coolcat214 ï½a my poor baby is sick im sorry mi amor its okay.
start h.w... noooooooooooo tomorrow wo got back to school!! boo hoo ! o
have fun tonight. i wish i could gooooo
britans got talent was good ! now im writing my english boo hoo
is off to bed to rest before essay onslaught tomorrow! i miss my baby
do you hate us?? please dont
im stating up as late as humanly possible, since its the last time i can for a week
feeling pitiful....sore throat blahh
is at work
shivers? check. nausea? check. throat on fire? check. at work anyway? check.
cant a girl just dance please
i always get the evil eye of mine wooo metro station is lurvee lt3 what songg is it??
i just came back from vortex springs in florida funn!!! im sunburnt tho
i tend to use photoshop for everything these days, i almost hit compose in it
my cat died last january he was one of my best friends
okay, i just read the yw part. i respectfully withdraw.
im filled with anguish because im not outside now when the sun is shining. damn!! i think about go out and do something. but what!?
i wish this was easier. or that you got the hint. booooo
im struggling to type this morning...maybe im still suffering from dayglo overload from fridays 80s fest
awesome, what do you fly? love flying but havent done so in a few years
hmm musical is not really my thing, but ill see what i can do for you. im off to bed now, have a headache nn! xoxo
watching fist of zen! had the laziest day, done nothing but watch movies and eat bk. back to uni tomoro
missed the train to york, no wifi and blackberry battery is going to die soon not a good start to the day
sorry to hear about your dog.
finally finished the immigrant by manju kapur. she forget about ananda towards the closing! the end only covered off nina.
tonight is one of those nights that it will be hard to fall asleep alone just seems quiet i guess.
too tired to walk to the other side of campus. if the class is from 912, why schedule the test in the first hour?
just missed you. theyre out of tomato amp basil soup though
yeah, it works well...i cant go today though because my face is really red still
this is a bad time to be hooked on twilight..........11 assignments due by may 29th
cant believe that i have to wake up so early on a saturday!! wtf!
with who?!? ive too lazy an ass to climb anything taking literal suggestion
i dont have an iphone
almost time for a ride. q will i get it done and stay dry? a no. cos my shoes are still sopping from yesterday. boo.
watching the breakfast club and missingthinking about katielt3 xoxo
i dont want to go to work.
tonight was a blast, but knowing that ill be officially retiring from the 20082009 to district board in a few hours is making me sad!
gah not for me on freeview then still if they brought over the colbert report id consider switching just to get that.
no marijuana legalization coming the weed forums community ...
i cant believe that reply worked yday i havent done it before i have got loads of work to im worried ahahah
left phone at friends house..
oh man!! its too hard! i cant not have phone contact
ive been busy with work! sucksss n n n !!!!
doesnt want to go to work lol
has noone been looking at my twitpic photos? please say something about them! they cost 50c each to send
has a cold
let us know how hes doing ok?
unfort, msn is a douche and a half to me
how sad, i did not know andy hallet died
it is sooo windy here!! i dont like this, at all! not what i signed up for.
at wye river.. its really cold! this internet is really expensive
i wanna be in a punk rock band again
i accidentally cut some of my hair
saturday night em casa rs
retweeting the musician who inspired me to pick up the bass, chi cheng of the deftones, is still in a coma since 11408.
me, too. sigh we need to move somewhere cold... in the country... amp become florists... with a good bookstore nearby...
is cold
writing my bachlorthesis gt developing a bachlor crisis
cant sleep, its 4.30am and i have to be up at 8am
cleaning my roompacking but ugg! my ankle is killing me
its like that here in michigan, as well. i want the summerrrrrrrrr!
i dont think i have ever been as jealous of anyone
ripley is missing sarah
sitting in work
aww corey!
bummed cuz the boy is sick...there goes the weekend...poor baby
no ones talking to me and is knocked out!
is finally home after a shitty day at work doing floorset......
you dont miss me? im sad
once upon a time hundred islands was the pride of philippine tourism, but coralclamrare fish poaching did it in. kinda sad
thats people mag haha i couldnt fit it all in.. i dont think those pictures ever made it in the magazine tho! haha
tdy school was rly boring. 631pm i was hoping itd be 3pm so i could use the lapt longer... time passes rl fast.
ha! good one! the snow missed us completely.
i see that, you only get 30 mins? supa
the drive in the convertible was great! my freckles came out a bit oh and my roses r blooming in the backyard!
ok listen here!! leave me alone! nobody told me gosh, i can still laugh. im gonna revoke ur brain status u keep bein mean
my forehead is starting to feel like someone has cut a slice out of it. oh, thats right, someone cut a slice out of my forehead today
yes! we had the vhs. i cried when the old man died
this weekend is going to suck. i hate junior year
im tagging all my lj entries amp i came across one from civic tour last year from portland with autistic boyfriend amp company and got sad
is still sore from k1
i just saw that they found that tracy girl in a piece of luggage... how fucking terrible
i played hide and seek with the paparazzi today. they won and for you dumb gossip sites, no i didnt really play. its a metaphor
probably just broke her foot.
hugs sounds like you need them today... and a whole lot more
why isnt the hills available online yet?? soo disappointing
no 3pointer for rudy tonight.
y are u gonna delete ur page?
sleepy plus i should study 5 chapters for stupid envo course ,dunno when can i finish
67 degrees, but here comes the rain
hmm shoulder is making some bad noises if i move my arm back and forth i know dont do it! fear a return to physio may be required
exploring the world of twitter... going to town in a bit. dont want to.
lol i think twitter is just behind by 6 minutes or so!will check ur e mail shortly!on phone to insurance company
sleepy head.. chances of actually sleeping? slim to fucking none!
ugh my hair got so long ugh haircut asap! but i cant
abey lalloo.. me n dake then went for the 8pm show cp.. u cudve made it .. chal koi nahi, nxt weekend try karenge again
sad but true ?
oh no! i hope you feel better soon.
working till 2. it looks like we are going to have more rain and gray skies. wish i could get back in bed
have to! g1horrible! whats good tho homie!? thanks for comin out the other night! you definitely have to perform the next event!
okay wow apparently my bus already went by. now i have to walk like two miles to my school
the sword of truth series has its own show on wgn called legend of the seeker...just not the same
has just said goodbye to her hubby who is off globe trotting away
bummer...cant get in to see my bf sing at the ernie els gig so i guess its just you, me and my dog, pockles, tonight!
boooo. im always freaking busy lol yeahhhh i have to be at his show that night.
this is a night where i wanna run da streets of harlem but i cant
good job, stevo! that game was dismal
i would enter but i cant
miss u smits! its a chilly one here today...brrr!
i dont want you to move but i will come see you !
either doing homework or in class til 7
cannot believe am off back to uni tomoz doesnt want 4 weeks til exams orz....
bah, immune system finally gave in. it did so well this year.... throat is feeling horrid now.
tried as hard as i could to stay away from bsg spoilers when i wasnt up to date, and yet it still happened. still, i apologize.
lost my phone
good fin morning springtime my ass. global warming?! suck it!
feeling very, very envious of everyone who has already seen star trek in austin, tx and australia.
who wakes up early on vacation?! these people are crazy i need coffee.
no ones sent me a kiss yet!
if my replies are slow or i miss them, please be patient with me. they are not showing up on tweetdeck. having to scroll frinightfever
ha ha got all excited because i got a new text then realised it was from service provider
ugh! i know the feeling! just dropped 400 on new tires last week
just got back from thaipot and i really missed everything about it, sad to say goodbye.
you didnt come outside to do meet and greet tonight
ltlt will neva show off her belly again
im gonna be sad in the morning!!!
sleep time. tomorrow is gonna suck
oh no! poor dear! between her surgery and now being sick, she cant seem to catch a break
had a call fm 0000000000. did not answer. who could it be? going outside now to wrap my house in aluminum foilshiny side out!
nomisc girl i did not go out with george fffffffuuuuuuu
that susan is amazing , bought a tear to my eye nawww
to transcode a 100mb .wmv to a 100mb .flv file without loss of quality possible, or not? anyone know? everything i try is terrible
listening to hellogoodbye and i am extremely distraught at the fact that i have forgotten all the lyrics to songs i would sing along to.
love working on sundays ihave the best job,no puppets
oh wait it just told me the page doesnt exist
watched twilight with vanessa... i never get tired of edward lol .. my feet have tons of ant bites im so sleepy..goodnight!
i have no money until my mommys check is put in
ack! that sucks
hopes pappaw franks heart surgery helps him today! keep thinking good thoughts.
raining on a vacation day
buenos dias twitters! we went down to 45 today isok. we will be strong. hahaha everyone have a great day.
so far i have 311 veiws on all my sites put together, most of them were me checking out the updates i made......
missing some amazing people
just smashed his big toe into the stairs and it really hurts now. and i mean really hurts. ill have to see how it is in the morning
buster is sadlike because of new pwants
sigh me too mostly i miss hsnging out with my friends damn growing up p oh yeah i miss being able to spell too lol
re quotwhat is going on with my profile!? hacked!quot ..yes add to get twitter related info. very heplful follow
my computer is broken
moving moving moving, keep those boxes moving, rawhide!! think ive gone delirious from moving
i was gonna go dig up some stumps yesterday, then it snowed! after a month of 50 degree temps, its back to 30s and snow!
wish i were i sleeping
soooo not looking forward to my solicitors appt this afternoon
so i didnt go jogging yet got caught up making the family breakfast that i cant eat carbs i miss you soo much
i sent mine earlier in the week. had to get it sent! still traumatised by it im avoiding starting tma06!!!
trying to figure out what exactly this thing does, how it works, etc...i guess it really does take me while to figure these sites out
ugh still awake
my allergies are messing up real bad!
bah! just found out we didnt win a pitch because the client felt the team didnt click. what are you sayin? were not cool enough? sad.
anyone got tweetdeck_0_25.air on hand? tweetdecks site is totally borked, and i need my fix.
relaxing ? i forgot what this word mean ?
u kno how yu b 4getn bot a nigga an shit dont worry tho,yu gon see a whollleee lot of me soon
i really wish i had not bought the cameraless e62 that day when my 6680 went dead. i miss photographing little things. dslr is too bulky
google, i love you, but i am having the utmost difficulties sorting out my accounts. im sure its my fault, but just letting you know...
copernicus has to have surgery today pray for my kitty please
laptop is running out of battery
sucked in heather, sewage bath xp and poor owen in the bear total drama island
poor me i only hav celeb twitter friends, and none will reply......none of my real friends hav joinedup yet yes i hav real friends!
you stuck in traffic then? my journey was traffic free this morning, if its any help.
ordered a pita...it nevr came! why they say the fax machine broke and the driver left, what about my empty belly
to tell you something? hmm
gotta leave for work soon anyone fancy going for me?
doing the grocery with a massive headache....not fun
lahore essexeating only been to lahore.
sorry babes. wanna message me and tell meh whats wrong??
back from drinking beer..... back to study some more
off to work
i want three goats!! but i cant keep any here.
i cant find my sister on twitter makes it harder to stalk her
you make me wanna cry iphone
i dont think so, but i am victim of that syndrome as well
why wont my nyt us news rss work in google reader?
nah bro i need em asap tho..the maybach music 2 floating about sumwhere tho
drinking theraflu hot tea because my throat feels sore and i have runny nose syndrome....not a good sign
getting ready to go to bracebridge...then work
madre is grinding on me this is gonna be a long week
no! adhoc meeting spontaneously turned into code camp.
nevada is really long and the gas pumps are down but on a good note i just won 5 in a slot machine!! i love to gamble!!!
gah, workin on a sunday
yes. 10 months ago...
say hi to sissy kiss for iaaa is bed time on manday i come back to school have fun sissiy and nicky xd kiss from mexico!
wtf i still not feel good
beuh, mon twitter gadget bug
essay finished, 3,605 words, very pleased with self but dreading the return to project work
i still luv the quotanything can happen thursquot episode but dont like u r with stewart, though i want to see u amp leonard back
will do lt3
me too!!!! its so boring no you and no kirsten
vacation over drove straight through from hot springs....17 amp 12 hours!
6th grade to 1st year, ok. 1st year to second year? mmm. . . 2nd to third? ohmieffingawd! im so old! ah munna miss the internet.
tried doing the assassins creed 2 teaser with cam, cant get it to do anything tho
doesnt it just make you cry inside to even think that? blame canada
rub it in!
thats so sad
getting ready to take chama back to the vet. dont know whats wrong
bad mood day today and i dont know why....
all these crazy pollen trees in washington state are making my sinuses go crazy
thanks chaffie... thousand apologies. please fogive me 4 i have sinned.
okay so.. a 15 minute break didnt seem like enough... and neither does a 30 maybe i just dont feel like working, ever..in my life..
bored at work.
a bit tired of the 247 cribfest that surrounds me fb
back from run, at least did some exercise this weekend as the boys piked on the ride this morning
has a heavy week ahead of her and a heavy cold to match
f1 boo no brundle toyota baiting with the covers on
3 out of 3 comments are negative on that story uk society seemingly doesnt want to slow down
trying desperately to find a particular fandom secret about gert yorkes but failing miserably
making imagestoo_big_for_flickr. didnt realize the 20mbfile limit applied to pro accounts.
some people just like to spam
sorry if only i knew you were there sooner, i would have introduced myself. you coming to brunch tomorrow?
but dannytown isnt outside.
more rain. its not fun to be stuck inside with two kids with unending energy.
there are days when i am so thankful my daughter goes to her school!!! today is one of those days... everything i say has been a fight
trying to talk myself into being excited about a long day at work!
leanne is angry at me
kinda bummed that i missed copeland the other day
gahhh studying is so hard! may have possibly only written my dot point summary..!
nodnod it really boggles my mind. as rydra says, most folks this is designed to catch arent gonna be caught.
its beautiful out, and i have a 30 page outline to do
im so glad you got to come visit! sorry i didnt get to say goodbye!!!
hasnt done any work oh well!
sucks hard that roundhay has been cancelled i was reet lookin forward to a day out
o have too much on my mind and is trying to write it all down so maybe i can get some sleep before class...its not really working
im so worried about it!! no robert englund...how can it be any good?? i loved that movie
naar haddow. racket mee! wahey
oops didnt see this reply. dcsa stands for dutch caribbean student association. it went well. im not secretary anymore
sorry to hear it reivanna chronic ones i assume?
its amazing but i feel awful!
trying to find a good vet around here. i think one of my kitties has asthma
idk anyone on here!
fuck....i cant sleep
boy that sounded condescending didnt it. oy vey
woke up at ten, was up for twenty minutes to check emails and stuff, went to sleep till one. up for two hours and slept till five.
anyway if they go... i hope there will be a caffine replacement in that area
i wanna go to amsterdan right now i think ill die of so much expected to may 29th! luv luv luv luv luv ya ? xxxxxxxxxx
going to my brothers taekwondo performance. its so hooot there..i cant hardly breathe
i miss my kitty cats
finds her mom rly annoying. i need to detox and do an h2o day. my skin is shitting.
am sad my sister and niece have gone away
three new followers in the space of one minute no kidding and all of them appear to be spammers.
but it walked on my pillow
no free day for you?!
ok but in for an op in 3 weeks and a biopsy
oscar is getting ready to be neutered
laying down..got out of work for couple hours! nap time! sleepy and sick.
layin down...super sore from workin out 3 days ago like tpain say oooooweeeee!! gotta go to work today... make dis money
tried to have lunch brought to me since im chained to my laptop. no luck.
my night went to the bar, felt up a marred woman, went home hard and alone
omg! i totally did not get this until now. ive been slacking on my twitter stuff. hope ur havin fun! thanku 4 the invite!!
staring at my computer screen
aww. i want one too. baka next week. hahaha!
hubbys out enjoying the links! wish i could play
sorry to hear that homie wut up?
im sorry about your tailbone leanna dee just finished watching a nice movie bottle shock. thanks stuffy for the recommendation.
oh snap, bars and liquor stores arent open on the statutory holidays during easter. stupid retarded laws
aw man, thats a shame
not normally into the blond hairblue eyes, but old regular elizabeth is back amp looks amazing as ever. alas, shes going back on tour.
f1 so, another good race for us tifosi then
gotta go babysit oh the joy. really cba. the kids annoy me lol toodles x
joeys team lost 97 today. good game though. there was a 9 yo pitching 50 mph down the middle most every time.
quoton popular musicquot by t.w.adorno is probably the most difficult reading ever prescribed, im actually struggling to continue
im sad now miss.lilly
im sorry megan is there anything i can do to help?
haha that video is soo sick! i want to be there
hahaha yeah i laughed all the way until the end when he was sick
yeah looks like that only! quotbusyquot is fucking me so yeah.. its my quotgfquot
thinks she is getting a cold that she caught from daddy. oh no, my trip would be ruined.
bought a dress... but might not work cuz its too long... damn my asian short genes...
is sad because top gear isnt on
no little ashes showing in tx
wow, that was a great nap wonder if the heart attack and the accident was just a dream? um... no
no signal in the academy papa roach fuckin owned! had to escape the pit before cmb moment lol
stayed home from school again, i ache
what do dont think ily?? na
is going to sing i miss you by miley cyrus at my daddys funeral i miss u and ill love u no matter what, even if your not here lt3 xoxo
it was going to be sunny today, right? why do forecasters always put my hopes up? fb
trying to figure twitter out i dnt get it
the limo has pretty lights,ugh stupid rap music though
sure.. but flight lene ke liye raipur jaana padega... and ive been told bhaiya has prepared yakhni pulao today
i did. no luck
im sorry. i hope you feel better later.
omg i love animal crossing so much. i was devistated when i realized i lost it when i moved
honey what i must do for you tell me quothiquot quothelloquot ?? signs of smoke? i will cry _
is pretty bummed play it sam
i work as a graphic designer for a small company in middletown. it is a constant thorn in my side.
time for court
thats suxs, and am sorry, but i know how u feel, am still have 3 hours too!
dinner was just ok. had the mussels as an appetizer, followed by the chicken stew. the quotstewquot was like a pot pie and way too creamy.
even at this rate, i am considering much better than quot3gquot indonesia mobile operator speed
ahahah if only it were hot enough!! i want to work elsewhere... like stacking shelves in some grotty shop
me too itm
really, my boyfriend isnt going to get any siblings? whatevas, youre totally going to have another one, bitch. frodo! baha
i cant sleep either
seriously almost died about twice in that suit. its all good now...phones dying
i dont even know where hes playing. but probably not, im in cornwall.
needs some followers
trying to upload a pix but having trouble
what a sad day it is when you realise that summer has finally left us!
i should send apple an angry email along the lines of quothey dbags, we fixed your computer generally means you actually did something.quot.
is watching oprah talk about twitter, i swore i wouldnt get one and i finally gave in
turns out the dancing was result of artist seeing article about homeless guy getting shot. i felt really small
im not worried about them cutting my hours down so i start at 10.00am every day...... except i may have to give up my morning starbucks
feeling left out cos im not doing the readathon. must be more organised next time. readathon
what happened to my music asot400
i dont think im objectifiable at this point
nahhhh no more mcdonalds kamilah... i see those lovehandle creeping back...omg look at those thighs..
well good night my 8 followers wish i had more
it ruins it when others tweet for u.
i see how it is
oh but damn..fried screwing up me lunch
im really really really ready to move n2 my place........
neurobiology and contemporary morality exams on monday? i think, therefor im screwed
using sisters laptop to surf. using mobile sites because i exhausted a lot of bandwidth yesterday and today.
last week i saw jonk at sarbucks in saskatoon
cursing consciousness, then catering....uhm, with my mom. i was hoping for some alliteration.
damn safari quit unexpectedly for the 5th time today!! aaaaaahhh
i miss snow in april. it snowed here....uhhh twice? maybe? and it was ages ago i would have danced with you!
send it bk this way pls lol im burning again
...scratch that.. dethatching next weekend hopefully, no power rakes available and its going to rain today..
did you update itunes to the new version b4 you lost it? new software update killed my ipod.
first there was no milk for cereal. then i saw no more bananas. made some toast, and dropped it on the floor on the way to my mouth.
so, when i first saw ingeous pouncer, i immediately thought of demonic apprentice the one i made cant fit it here
i cant believe its snowing
hugs
class at 1 then work at 2.....gonna be a long boring day
oh my goodness!! a student really said that?
i didnt, i dropped the table on it yesterday at krew...
my favortie red head is in the hospital i love you travis clark lt333
my cat is sick again... congestive heart failure .. not sure if shes going to make it this time
sorry cant tonite im ironing and hoovering... then dusting
yippee!!! skype app. now available on iphone whatever next? xcept you cant use the video
dmn sorry to hear that.. nothing cool to say just srry to hear that
i really tried to recruit as many people as i could to follow you guys so you wouldnt lose 500.00!
its warm here in kl too
my arm huuuurts my pooor vain
i am so bored right now....goin a little crazy! its 70 degrees out, want to go on the wine walk but im broke! sad sad sad day
stretcher only just arrived not good
whoops. i got a little too happy. doesnt work. takes me to ciscos page. shoot.
youve forgotten, about.... us. ugh why? what did i do? please dont forget.
allentown, pa for a 4 month lease up job.
adorable! wish i could be there
should i reinstall it? last time it was buggy as hell
wow, wheres ashton and demi tonight?anyone heard from them? miss them on here..
im appreciative of these few minutes of safety and freedom of thought. better go back into the fray
fuxing homework
i get to work again today and tomorrow! im so lucky...
the new cable boxes or whatever thingys dont work in my room.
is missing her roo and totally ready to be over this stupid sickness....arghhh
in college doing nothing!
about to ge ready for work as i have a 9 hour shift ahead of me x
well its 124 am and i am wide awake still. even read half a book and it still didnt put me out. having a smoke then go back to bed
enough fb...im bored.
oops, accidentally installed wga on my laptop vista install.. i had a pirated copy on there because my laptop is japanese
coz thats wot the error code says
right after i make a blog post, bluehost takes site down for maintenance
is home. my neck kinda hurts haha nice 12seconds.
soooooooo bored at work
i dont know what half of that means
i think i like tr.im more than virl for now as its shorter
2 months to heal? no fun but a whole lot better than not ever healing! feel better soon!
customs are holding our container, so some of our customers cant go camping for easter boo to hm customs!!
phormalll was phantastic!! off fb in 3 days
is really ill
saw quotchï½riquot last night, it was different, going to charles de gaulle to get the rents! too bad paris is dreary and rainy today
easy peasy is not better than ubuntueee 8.04....
not yet, no. doubt ill get a chance to until tonight. works mental, thanks to bt cutting off 70,000 customers today
people on neopets are horrible people
its finished now i cried. brillant movie
is going back to work
i went with the yellow, im feeling bloated and fat i need to lose 10 pounds stat!
chris pratt is on parks amp recreation??? misses everwood
yeah. i always slow down at the end ï½ï½also, take that! i win.
back from france, with a ridiculous amount of food, but could have bought tons more. the visit made me miss living there so much
its 4 am now. . . i need to go to bed. i am dying of football
yeah i hope he pulls through. cancer is so hard to get past.
omg, i am soo sorry to hear that!
just finished cleaning my closet... its so empty
i am so hungry, but my lunch is in my refrigirator at home
id love to share the vid, but the other members nixed that idea. it was only a one performance band anyways
need to sleep. but cant
whattttttt?! theyve not brought anything new out for about 2 years, and theyre crap!! when will the full line up be up?
tours and trips seems to be a part of history now......and i think its not hiding sumwhere but its lost sumwhere
chillin chillin my kitten hurt her foot
hope your knee feels better quickly, though, after having been on it all night.
mavs in 7. i just have a bad feeling about it.
you are too kind amp very encouraging...actually rather depressing seeing how little impact lots of hard work actually had
you didnt call, i waited up.
dont know about that business law test i just took...not looking forward to the quantitative analysis test at 10
heh.. actually.. getting pretty sleepeh, so im off to bed. weekends half over.
i hate being away from her... i cant sleep alone anymore
wow.... i wouldnt want to be w a man that would hit me in any way! i hope she doesnt go back to him!
off to lynn soon to get my prom ring!! yay! but then i have a drama rehearsal!
playing pkr online poker and has a headache
done some cleaning...my hands are sore
aww poor froofroo, this is way too late for you
aww logan got called in
doing my taxes. not in the best mood because of this
my phones about to break. it was in a puddle of water
getiing some seafood joes stone crab! wish sabrina was here aint get my discount
i want my friends baaacck
awe i feel u i just woke up for school hopefully we both have a better rest of the day.. amp i hope that includes meeting u lol
your blog wont let me comment again!
pose ta b goin ta az dis week i hope lol
working 59 without
is off 2 work
takes finnie to the vet later today hes lost weight and she worried
please tell me they can put me on another earlier flight since mines cancelled! . i hate texas, its weather and not being home
my mom just had a root canal also...i feel your pain buddy!
is really hungry.
i need u to hush...i got bored damnit...this mfer getn on my nerves! miss my guy!
that movie is amazing.
has to wake up soon but cant sleep! work in 4 hours ...
why is it cold out? i thought i could put my winter coat away for good
is listening to her baby girl cry......and trying so hard not to go and pick her up out of her crib. god this is so hard.
power outage on campus kirchberg uni.lu. this explains why the prompt on the ps3 i was logged into froze
is awake at a sensible time and is doing alot of coursework bohoo
i think im getting sick
im not drawing, awe damn
got bored watching tv
i had to remix the beat around emilios verse...dats the best i could do
i feel like you but have to finish it
i will swallow without you!
is the dallas sky really as overcast as it appears to be? the sun escaped to the windy city
couldnt get shit done today im so screwed
fuck you channel 7 and iq for the damn show running over time and me not getting to see the reunions
i hope that its only for a short time?
fuck omg austins always there though man lt3 love you
omg it hadnt quite occurred to me what time it is there! poor thing well at least i got realtime hair commentary out of it.
still sick. feeling a bit better, got some new medicine.... hope i feel good after a night of sleep. ohh, and its suppose to snow! wtf!
just fyi, i pulled a giant stupid and destroyed my laptop... now my computing involves sitting in the greg lab... so im never on
omg everyone thinks im like 23 i cant take it. that means i look old!! no!
nothing happening d is mia
its summer in the philipines and i have tons of work...no summer for me this 2009
i loved mari triniï½s songs when i was a child...
dang!! physics at lunch timeeee ?? really? it sucks .. but im gonna b with vicky sooo its ohhhkayyyy! i loveee tht ladyy !!
i just hit a squirell poor lil guy
i have a terrible headache
i cant set my feet on the ground. the missing eyelid people might get me!
i had plans today, and now im scared of you know, moving, for fear of teh boke fml.
dont do thaaat or else i cant call you hotdug anymore hahahahahaha
im all sore on my days off, why?!
i forgot about twitter im sorry twitter.
sat at work not fair, so not fair
sore throat. please god, dont make me sick sleep time, night all x
i hate it when i make a joke and no one laughs. i feel... not funny.
reeked of alcohol at the dentist this morning was drunk when i put on my tshirt, realised it had a huge stain. dentist looked disgusted
i think a spider bit me i got a big red mark on my arm!! i googled spider bites and saw pics and now im scared!!!!! lol
about to start at work
my digestive system cant handle your mothers ridiculously spicy food. but its so good lmao!
i know spider won, owned the entire fight and its impressive that he almost wasnt hit... but it was a boring fight
up bright and early...with a cold
thats when i have my birthday, but we already have plans
dont think i can get anything right today
good night world oh so tired
thanks, ill need it. i hate packing
im afraid too ur reply about uni from ages ago
why cant excel 2003 handle more than 7 nested if statements?
mnutup midbreak dgn mbelanjakan gaji ptama blanja bberapa item bodyshop, mouse, dan printer ink. nothin indulging, pure primary needs.
nope its amazing! i ruined my ipod touch
think im going to bed. goodniight. i hate this
no yeezys for dave.
loves her iphone but hates the fact tjat she needs to charge it often
im at the philly equivalent of club cafe and theyre playing mariah bitbim not mariahfan here
not many people from my home town using irl connect ...
no but i mean that no one cares about royalty since princess di. royalty has lost its luster. so has heros by the way
if we dont im going to be very sad
after a week of holidays lot of work to do, answer emails, create some changelogs etc, not a pleasure work at all
i feel like an asolute pile of shit
back in stoke on my lonesome only two weeks to go though. and then i shall be freeeeeeeeee
is worried sick about santino. he has a fever
i wish i could leave the cult because theres some major douchebags in there, but i feel like i have no where else to turn
ack, no lunch break in training! im gettin hungry, too
or tell me where you are i will find you! please help me out
i love harry potter. i will die when its over. bloody ell....
omg...haul tailing out the house, got to my destination no wallet
trying to master quothardquot on rockband2. stupid 5th button
had other stuff to do after finishing in here last night, rather late to bed with curry sauce, or mushy peas?
is it inevitable that when you put off mowing the grass one day, that its going to piss down with rain the next??
working thinkin of ways to leave this place feeling like trey songz just gotta make it lol i hate wall street its so gray and sad
damp!!! i couldnt wear jeans cuz they were too wet so i had to wear regular sweat pants! i look terrible! oh amp i forgot my snack!
its scary.
this 10calorie vitamin water is quite disgusting
the only bad part about spring amp summer bug bitesstings.
the mouse is longer than my old one so its harder to press the buttons. also, i need to change the sensitivity.
popo blocked off my hood and i cant get to mai house i hope mariner is ok
im tired i need to get a journal!!!!!!!!! monday? i really want one by tomorrow though i hope i dont get loaded with hw on monday!
yeah yeah i want my bunny ears
i dnt like it whn ur sad, it makes me sad too
why do my sprint phones always encounter problems like this around the 6 7 month mark??? im locked into a 50 yr contract at this point
its snowing.....no more needs to be said!
honey imwas a huge fan of dk its sad how you guys not including andrea and dawn let it go so easily very depressing !!!!
wishes that you would talk to her
i hate my alarm clock, its been going off every hour havent slept at all
hey mama! u still at the studio?? woke up in the mid of the nite
stomach cramps are getting worse, struggling to walk now.
was going to make a site updates twitter account but nahh, it wont work
headed home. long drive
shut up you...i am hungry! and in britain, home of the most boring suckassy breakfast in the world! i miss dennys!!
tonights episode of house was sad i cant believe he left the show! i cant stay awake anymore im mad tired. had a long day. sleep time!
actually misses washington
feels bummed out.. but had a good time with alec. and misses his girl more than anything.
i got pudgy
havent even had time to twitt theese last few days, insane!
why must we continue to say hurtful things? when can we be at peace? thats all ive ever wanted!! grr
dude thats what im saying. tell me how tonight goes, i totally wish i could be out and about have a drink for me
rudely awakened by my bootlegged ll! linden not happy
what? off?? i miss you!!
nothing particuarly interesting anyway. partially because im lacking money but also because im swamped with coursework
today is very cold, so cold i may have to start wearing my jeans again yesterday was raining but i did get some good shots of ducks
my mom and i had a fight
come to perth? soooooon. pleaseee.
i have fucking shin splints!!!! im in pain.....drugs please......i never realised they could be so painful
clearly going to hae no socila life from now on xxx
yay, sleep is good. i slept awful though
best the nice weather before it started raining. worst i did not sell any lotion
well i hate alabaster
still snowing here..
i am humbled. read quotraising godly tomatoesquot and realized ive been too focused on myself and my wants rather than raising godly children.
glorious sunny day and im stuck in work
yeah, im all about simple drinks. 3 steps max. unfortunately we lack both champagne and orange juice
oh my god internet explorer 6 and 7 i just dont understand you guys
wow, welcome home eh thats well shit, especially just coming back off holiday!!! some fucking people!
has no followers.
i am home missing my baby busy week ahead fri is a chill day with my guy and kids, egg hunt sat, spiral and dmb sat night and easter!
cuz like troybolton is the hottiemcsuperbob. omfgz. my nail buds cries
stuck inside work? thats bad is it busy today?
oh man its too early and too cold! baaah school
ok this sucks, im still feeling under the weather, but, im soldering on. im in the office today. sunday night i had a 103 deg temp.
the mad marathon of gears 2 sessions has done my xbox in lol! rrod last night
i never see my replies on your page i think maybe im not in the know to the tweeter madness hope you will let me know
wtf you two. i didnt do anything.
good luck!!! look forward to the update. run not an option in this wind seriously!!!! blowing a real gale
i have had 2 days of tv control, and there is damn near nothing worth watching
just ate my last mini egg and just watched stickin around for the first time in 6 years! d
to answer both of you i studied for four hours before the exam and im pretty sure i still fucked it
that sucks hugs
so.. our tire got fd up and were 30 mins away from our exit, and aaa cant help us woe is me
only a pleasure... someone had better have come brownie joy, and it aint going to be me pigging out vicariously through you!
im downloading floss weekly now and i have no bandwidth left for the ustream. i will catch it later though. you kermitting?
charlie horse in the middle of the night. terrible dreams. sick.
lol who cares. audi, tomato, tomayto. wow, im really twittering to mileycyrus
the jackets are making me cry. at least they made the playoffs i guess...
sorry you missed it
i want a puppy. ps, i got sunburnt all down my arm
i hope cal day amp picnic day davis are not scheduled on the same day next year...that was bummer. i wanted to go to both
i hope you are feeling better today, i miss your face .... get well soon!
us girls always know. unfortunatly.
i will say it out loud i miss you ahole and your answers to my iphone questions. now who will help me upgrade to 3.0?
why can i not add my boyfriend!!!!!
late to rise today. about to jive myself with some java!!
im at a bar in huntington beach with watching an stp cover band...thinking of fatty saffy
im so sorry to hear about your father us sxephil fans wish you and your dad all the best! were by ur side
no 12hour coma today. i had a nightmare that shook me awake.
mate thats rubbish 10pt hug. tom covered in spots and obviously not happy, but doc says its nothing bad. tell that to tom...
im bored. and grounded. and im trying to learn the hoedown throwdow, but thats not working to well
girlfriend troubles. got some serious thinking to do
its so cruel having to wait for reviews to come in. so far it looks like star trek will be the best film of the year!
im sick the next day without fail, no matter how much or what i drink. if i got to bed, even feeling tipsy ill puke
so has mine
i though groups of google apps were something like google groups groups.google.com
no exchanging for me, my laptop hasnt arrived
not liking the diet root beer sunil picked up by accident
yet another day working thru a weekend sucks
about to start the epic drive from glasgow to alton towers. looks like a rainy few days
my thoughts and prayers go out to the people affected in the earthquake, italy
jus chillin...missin my boo
ok let me rephrase that...someone elses bridal shower 2day, then hopefully going 2 bmore 2 hang w linds! amp yes, im still sleepy
i misss freaking sparky! my doggie that isnt my doggie at all.
ewww your faorite flavor? ugh nvm i got to throw it back up. nasty ill have to change my fave. icecream flavor now thanks dilli
oh poor wee thing nice to hear shes been rescued though.
i wish i were at coachella
its hard to be productive when your ass is badly kicked by flu meds and the rerun of f1 qualifications is on
ahhhh i cant believe rj is leaving!! i think it finally hit me... sad and half drunk at work someone come visit me!
enjoying the weather and cuddle my sick cat... poor girl has epilepsy
just cleaned patio! now other chores
lakuata good morning! well i had an appointment but..my car wont start im stuck at home
dude, i was totally updating while pooping. i had nothing else to do.
really want to go v fest the saturdays, lily allen, lady gaga and katy perry! not fair
headed out for the club almost broke my ankles on the curb...smh its been a minute
what a great dayï½ and i have to write my last report for uni. no inspiration so far
awe i love you too!!!! 1 am here i miss you
damnnn! i missed 1111
my thoughts are with sandra cantus family at this difficult and sad time
i feel horrible. i wish the party couldve been more physical. damn dares.
resting, trying to find some relief from the heat
grey gardens makes me sad and worried that i could end up like that. at my parents house in the hills.
i was tearing up, i gotta admit.
baby boy crying when i left. hurts my heart
aww one of the lil chicks just yawned, they will be going home tomorrow
salmon is only good in nigiri sushi. what a disgusting way to find out.
i am missing out on all the ipl fun,...sob sob
and i need someone to come give me a back massage. my neck and shoulder are still hurting and its starting to go down my back.
hotspotshield sucks never worked for me.
i miss him. cant wait to celebrate the tar heel win this weekend though!!
work... again. i didnt even wake up last night when muffin came to bed
ok. hope you can make it
what happened to your show it was the hightlight of my life
i tried to watch the celts 4 u, i really did, but i just hate basketball. lol sorry! still luv u!!!
wont be watching many nba games as i am almost over my download limit for the month
thinks that nigella does a shit tea add
digging wandering typos... anyway just realized im dressed like fez from quotthat 70s showquot...
and here
somewhere in the world right now the sun is shining and people are busy...but not here
i am in a chocolate store against my will gross...
auuuugh i just spilt freezing water all over meeeee
there is no link
trip to castle turned into a 60 mile round trip with the kids being sick in the back of the car
it hurts when i talk!!!!
grrr, i sound really deep voiced!! bc of my effin nose
i wish i could make work disappear with the snap of my fingers
travian total cost of the atk for the aggressor 273,310 resources all said and done. im guessing hes not going to let that slide.
is soo bored and i just wanna go out and have some fun but thandis at some gay thing all day
g2g 1am in the morning be warned mikeyy is back be careful one of the ppl i am following is infected
at work, totally bored! i wish bestie was home already
it seems like my inlaws are coming over easter. we will have to meet another time.
turducken is one of the weirdest things i have ever eaten.. it all ends up tasting like duck. quackkkkk.. and e
dang. actually not so sound a plan after all
kat! have a good vacation. personally, 1st year on a new jobzero vacation days. hide the damn alarm clock tomorrow!
yo that was hella weird my twitter got deleted
dont see my listing ive tried twice
my blog is slow
couldnt sleep. read some animorphs and now im attempting sleep again. please work this time. im exhausted plus i want to cuddle
i would love to be a stayathome mom. right now i work outside the home thanks for checking it out!
ive had a lovely day with my kiddies. tyler turned 4. now he is under the weather
oceans eleven isnt nearly as entertaining as i thought, just makin me miss having someone around
was hoping there was a vm solution...sad
disappointment never hit so hard
i miss the chai latte from expresso house
while the sun has hit hat on. im developing a blimmin cold and stuck in bed. back to some hardcore dvd watching, and another night in
i just realized that comedy central doesnt broadcast in canada any idea on ifwhenwhere this will be broadcast in canada?
started 2 rain naw that wales
wonders why wossy doesnt ever reply to me
getting ready to go to class... hitting the gym after that and then studying the rest of the day and into the night
honestly, you can only speak to urself because no 1 cares airport. someone will always direct u 2 the next person
finishing watching castaway and then going to bed before work in the morning. yuck yuck yuck.
a me and kay saw some cows at the farm. they looked depressed. badtimes. kay name ...
you tooo baby! you got your own concert in gods land. i am envy.
awh i just seen kat dennings new video and its been a week since its been up
up getting ready for work blah my tuesdays suck hope ur tuesdays are better
lol.. no u didnt that was a long one though rite? how u handling it?
so its 2am amp i am wide awake....freakin fantastic
thats awfulmy best wishes to him
im trying to fine friends on twitter...no luck so far
at work and im tired even though i went to bed early
i would love to be there but cant be
true your art gets to live on forever but shot glasses are finite lmao
at work fixing some code that just had to broke on the saturday evening... man... who the fuck invented comuters in the first place???
keri hilson tell him the truth.. makes me cry
i wish i had a car... need to give out resumes, but the weather is horrible...
i know the feeling today! i need you here to make coffee
finally back, going straid to bed... wish you could go with me
full of the cold starting to bring me down
no we wont be coming unfortunatley
oops, ubertwitter doesnt appear to offer search, now that i check, only trending topics. blackbird has neither
so. fucking. bored. of. work
i didnt see any grizzly bear 7quot, i got in late and tons of stuff was already gone
i have a bad feeling this is going to be a doozy of a day...
appointment for barkley at 315. seriously, i need my dog to not have cancer or anything. thats expensive but i cant let him die.
you a lost cause girl
a little sad
not hobing ah.... joeys cat she lost two of her beloved cats in less than a year....
its too early to be at school... its 650 ugh....
i really hope i dont forget im wearing contacts ... i dont wanna end up with swollen and sore eyes tomorrow
i want my cereal! but were out of milk
wonders why someone that u like so much can make you so unhappy in a split seccond . depressed .
yes! thanks. ive just dropped my phone and the screen is smashed up
lol, i still gotta work. always do
hahaha..she didnt.. computer said no vodafonething didnt work bc i dont remember my password.. stupid!
thats not fair
hey girl. the site is back. girlyvue is back and they have even more videos.
is sitting in a coffee shop the strip in ttown watching it rain!
miss u baby r u awake? time to poke ur patients already!
madd tired nd pissed cause my laptop has a virus
i have class until six
i decided to just text you lol. dude that sucks! i want to see youuu.
so sorry about your dog.
woke up to early and cant go back to sleep
isnt there any way we could update twitter through our cellphones
im lonely keep me company! 22 female, jacksonville florida
yeah its 0545 here and am still awake and not even in work, it seems the usa comes out to play about now
getem girrrl. sorry i cant make it.
teaching on very little sleep this will be fun.
its going to be hard..
fun day but back home, bored now
ooops.. i had a bug but i fixed it.. try that tiny url again..
waiting for work to end, and wanting to go see my wife. been working 6 days now
its so nice out and im chained to my school books.
the sec on the left, opposite side of i was totally bummed, but i talked to him at the mampg and he looked for me
back from a week away, now....unpacking
watching bed time stories with my broha.... and not feeling well... but needing to do some homework....
my tea is cold
im gonna get up late tomorrow and its 132am here. i gonna get tipsy by my lonesome. thats...thats just sad
sup with following some people, and not me? how sad. haha
hate my haircut...as usual
dog has been walked. washing in the machine. chill time. sore throat though
the milwaukee iron. first year expansion team from what i hear. they lost... i didnt realize it was still around either.
i broke curfew
school tomorrow im so not ready to go back. its not possible that the holidays are over already
nothin like throwin up on your customers front door
feels sad this afternoon cant believe its still another 13 days to go
no shit?!?!? sad
yes, but sadly i cant make it family commitment from forever ago...
emily will be glad when mommy is done training at her new job. she misses her.
19 pages of transcript to analyse nearly finished coding!
sick at work took monday off... gonna take tomorrow off.
having lunch on my desk while i work
ok... gotta find some friends or something its shameful giving updates to myself...
awww but i like twitterfox! i really like tweetdeck as well. it runs with adobe air wowroom
i cant find anyone that i know on twitter
dont hate on dentists! they have the highest suicide rate of any profession, cause no one likes em
totally left the house without my camera battery
no...i guess i dont.
all packed and ready to go wake up time 430 am boo!!!
having some lunch amp watching the women with mother... throat hurts sooo bad!
dark horse reminded me of my fave cafe in sydney bills. have confrmd tho that can no longer drink coffee
i have five slides!! only two or three more, i just want this doooooooooone with
hey saw u guys play pushover..didnt get 2 meet u tho cuz of th huge line i was very upset lol..a msg would make up 4 it!
trust me, theyve tried that before! well, maybe not an aeroplane got home and all my veg had been dug up
afternoon everyone! what a minging day... it makes me blue
get me an autograph and shout out! you have to record it though. my computer is dead so i cant listen.
secretly hoping someone will throw me a minirave in my room. in bed bored and feeling yucky
wants to go to easterfest
ummmmm i cant find it.
is nt understanding the twitter phenomenom
trying to do some homework. its due in 30 min!!!
i only had ï½11 to spend
is it wrong to take pictures of a firetruck funeral procession? if so im a jerk. although i did it before realizing what was going on.
im sorry he kept the kitties.
ew youre working? thats no fun ill be back posting tomorrow! hug
can u call me after work
wondering why nobody ever answers me on twitter!
another 7 stich in the face! my looks have totally gone now
on 3wks of losing, my bball team are on a 6 game skid
oopsy! all gone!
ughhh i dont wannna gooo to work
just busted out of the international club satellite to the big event. took 5th place.....top 4 paid
theres a girl here who looks like daisy from quotrock of love 2.quot lol
our timing in the last days is bullshit x and next week, youre in holidays but i hope to see you soon the weekend
really like terminatortscc but it might be cancelled. why do sf telly series that i like get cancelled? im a kiss of death
never seen an armadillo at the side of the road before. poor guy
going over to a frnds house now to say gbye to his sis whos leavin fr london tonite.. gbyes r hard
the annoying thing was that we were acting consultants but the company didnt bother charging the customer the going rate
a little depressed after finding out how much taxes i owe
on our way home, missed the money by 1 match me that is, nils knocked out b4 me! fun time, only downside smell like smoke blech ...
no looks like housework for me
beddies now. nighty night. my head hurts
aww. id hate to be allergic to an animal.
...now im sick, so i may have to be quarantined when you guys are up... ill live in the closet.
send me the dvd cos i have missed out on heaps not happy about that!
damn missed f1 qualifying! fell asleep before 6am!!!!!
just got home from watching michigan state get tromped!
kenyan teenage girls seek solace in cow drugs to induce abortion
still sad. didnt get to see 17 again today
and that attitude is why ill never be unemployed. validate your input or it can be subverted. i hope you dont code in c
oh goodie! im in class on a saturday morning....gotta love graduate school
yeah he was
finally gave in and was bored enough to start this thing. i think the 140 is going to be a problem for me tho. its like a myspace status.
missing tweetdeck
ughh moms making me cook dinner when im in the middle of nick and norahs infinite playlist
oh but theres one bestie missing
back at work, tired as hell and i feel a cold coming
ack! are youyour people ok?
played both, i got tired of wow because of the pvp changes ..
just depressed the hell out of me. quotyou started the same day as , right? yes. sorry you manage me and hes on colbert.
got way too drunk last night and fell down i really should stop drinking and making a fool of myself.
yep, see? girls stuff always fancy and pretty and sweet when not being baby slut. boys stuff nasty and aggressive.
myleaky finish dusting already!
hoping my puppy gets better!!! she had to go to the doggie er last night
birdied on the second hole this morning, then bogeyed the rest of the day.
really feeling broken svn integration with idea. need new plugin that supports 1.6 now now now.
cant wait for bring me the horizonnn. too bad curtis ward is not in the band anymore
me wants beach
please dont! life could be worse. i found out when my greatgpa was transported to auschwitz from a class reading
i have made it home....got on my comfy pjs and snuggling with my pillow
i just found out i was unsuccessful in applying for the hampshire probation job fb
holy shizah! i forgot my hat. i feel so naked without it.
home with the flu ahhh suxz well and tired will go to sleep in about an hour or so goodnites !
iii know!!!!
missed brent at praise band. no fun to not have the your lead guitarist. ltpoutgt
sat in van, waiting for people to turn up at the gamefair.
damn, today was the aspca wagn walk. i wanted to go damn sucky weather.
sooo tired. and smelly
hheeeellllppp! i lost my phone and we need some playvent time asap! seriously...
im at a really nice wedding but my allergies are preventing me from enjoying myself. achoo!
whats a bridal shower without sex toys?
just the girls outside?? man mr. wood you are breaking my heart
im icing the knee i fell on. it hurts like hell. didnt the entire night, until now. ugh. fuck. o
why did get this kpop song stuck in my head?
i want arbys for dinner but everyone else wants chilis!
why cant i breathe?! yes, an overexaggeration in terms, but still. i hate being ill.
getting read for nightshift 2 of 7
wish i had a snackwrap
oye!!! me too!!! im also pumping...
is infected with the mikeey worm big time.
is going to work
going to class.
aww, im so sorry dearyy
at the office...
they stole your stuff at work? o thats even worse..im so sorry hugs did you have insurance? x
ooohhh i feel your pain i hate when theyre slow in the speeding lane!!
kinsey whearty put too much milk in her coffee and chicory. oh sadness, alas...
talking to john since i dont want to go to bed on my last night of spring break
its a generous 14 tho. i think itd b huge on your lovely slim frame
worried about steves eye.
i cant sleep. theres a fight outside. how inconsiderate. i wanna go sleep!
yep...its been 6 weeks a lady at our church is watching her.
so i read! im glad youre doing better.
wall art! leeann helped me...but im noticing they dont stick very well.
i dropped my phone in a toilet. its slowly riping. see ya later worlds.
ok, battery dying and 2 hrs away from home, so im gonna have to say knighty knight everyone! prob gonna miss boys tweets.
yeahh.. thats the problem! now, how am i supposed to transfer this file onto another computer! im confused!
yep, only in ottawa... lmao... its bullshit!!!
saracens losing andy farrell to retirement
just thought about someone who is at a party in ep........ .... why right now? wonder what hes doing right at this second... oh no.....
shit, sorry to hear it
no. i am working at jaloux in the morning then over with you at night. morning to close. i only have like a few hours break
the silva fight was not what i expected. over all ufc 97 a let down
waiting on ms.mitchell i hate waiting
i went to bjs like costco amp they had nothing i wanted amp walked out emptyhanded. usually have luck there so i check there 1st.
i think i mistakenly threw out my thumb drive when i was cleaning my apartment. definitely wont do that again. clean, i mean.
the life is cool. but not for me.
lol sorry haha i thought a try a hot bath didnt work... still awake and i am so hating on u and ur ability to sleep
is tireed
aww you break my heart
no, cant like this not doing so good
its already 1 in the a.m. i need to sleep, especially since i have to be at school for 12 hours
3 12 more hours. jersey is already on. as a negative, drove to sidney to see a too small bike
yea it was suns gone now though booo lol
yeah.. hw
im like it goes from north face coats to cotton v necks...i cop jackets for no reason
i kno
is tired
thatd be terrible
looks like ur infos changed 2 mikeyy i suppose youll have to wait until its fixed wish they would fix the loop hole
someone convince me to stop watching bleach and get back to studying
i dont get as many emails without megan child here for me.
i hate no sex week
get to bed lady... i know im missin mine too!
so very tired...one more show left of my entire college career
i wish you would reply to mee...
saturday night. watching bruins vs canadiens...not the same on versus vs cbcs hockey night in canada.
i dont think so
but no mutant superpowers. got pumped up with radioactive juice and nuthin. cant shoot webï½ no big green musclesï½ nothin!
a that sucks lemme give you a quottwitter hugquot hopefully, this will make you feel better.
i was so disappointed with plurk. lol. i didnt update mine for a while... when i checked my karma, it was down to 0.0. sad.
i have no idea what thats in reference to.
i hate symbolic logic! this crap makes me wanna quit school! screw modus ponens, modus tollens, amp proofs cause im goin shoppin!
i dont think i want to get it sebby, im really scared dont say that i love you so much xoxox
omg, another ted enthusiast...yay! yes,where are all those people?
mason is having a good game but hes being hung out to dry by the rest of the jackets
just kidding man. rim doesnt even have a sync client for linux, and the opensync package sucks at least it can charge lolz
oh noes. i just found out why cons skate shoes are so hard to find. financial issues, and bought out by nike.
back to work.
ya know that feeling you were talking about last weekend? i was afeelin it just a little bit ago.
they changed the recipe of the wings at billiards
trying hard to resist eating the kids easter eggs
hmmm yes especially when i have a hard time with the block button i dont wanna be mean!
i cant stop laughing this burger king commerical.....im so easily amused
hmm im usually dead rite now...ugh skool monday..no more oprah ellen or kathie lee and hoda i wish u went to skool for a millisecond!!
who stole elledell.com?
hearing you talk about editing pictures makes me cringe lol
asot400 damn i wish the video stream was working
... or so i thought....
awww i miss singing quotalabaster boxquot on day star
our grass is so high that i let the dog out and he comes back soaked all over! poor thing
shit! i think i sprained my ankle... what am i going to do for my 1.6km napfa run tomorrow?!? damn.
having a hell of a job finding any frame in my size keen on the time speeder tho
yeah sorry about robby wow tony almost had it but im happy for mark.
disappointing game 1 at the rose garden tonight blazers
hermes packetdienst sucks
needs a trip to vegas soon. i miss it. youll find me by the pool in a bikini, people watching with a football long island.
oh probably pmt and thoughtless men a bit too
chapped lips...i wish i knew where my burts bees was.
okay its ridiculous. to print all of my photos kodak were charging me ï½50.00 wtf?!? i only ended up printing a few
nothing new here, same old boring crap but at least theres sunshine...and tequila! whats new with u?? have fun
abandoning my poor family fir a study day. stoopid tax fb
i keep pacing i dont want to be at home but i dont have anywhere else to go
i thought you could buy silent hill for the psp on the ps store? i cant find it anywhere?
another loser lost the game
i am still going through all the stuff in my room, there is no place to put it! i have no shelves
omg i have an ugly smile
finna clean
shes at the ritz lol but been there before and its ok for a gig! not got any more planned what about you?
i miss new york!
we lost
appletv has died dreading diagnosis
kinda missing socal bc of all the events im missing but i cant say i dont love being back in the beautiful nw.
lunchbreak......and i feel ill today.....
i just broke my camera. bye, old friend
yea, were actually getting some snow flurries on south ridge right now.
4 points away from top 4
that sucks. we will meet! you will come to kc when rob tours, right?
i hate to be so sick!
awake woke up at 7.15 too early back to sleep, woke up at 8.15 still too early but i had to get up
how are you guys getting to caitlyns house tomorrow? can someone pick me up?
too sick to be here
so snakes are incognito!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! that niggah is gonna bite coco
i would love to but i have school projects all day boo
its funny because its true...
damn, i just broke that wooden writing pad. which i usually uses when sketching.. and writing while on bed.. or relaxing on chair.
yes..yes they are. i saw a chick the other day with an outtie belly button and a belly button ring. it made me sad.
why do other people get replies
im ok, just busy cleaning
unfortunately theyve not managed to find a stable method of bottling up luck yet.
woops! you did get it and replied!! i am having a dumb day i guess x
oh no!! i missed an blog tv show bummer
is headed back 2 lafayette...pray 4 my grandma please
that looks like it hurts!! ive never had a sunburn x armenians shouldnt burn!! lol
oh poor thing i used ot love squeezing out the pus when i was a vet nurse. kinda gross really...
ill probably forget to get a farewell to arms for english by monday. bleh. working tomorrow
awww gemma, i hope youre not
hey twitters blessed is back.... yay!!!!! in skool tlkin 2 the bestie bout my problems... smh 2daii is not a good daii
thats my theme song but i cant get the video on my iphone thanks for sharing though.
my housemaid.........oh i hate her s i guess she has alzheimers she didnt even know my name
i got the text, but the pic didnt go thru.
sigh. i need to find my reallife effron
givin myself a pedi while watchin the playoffs. blazers are losin.
yeah, just dont think my date would so much approve
crying crying crying over acting why do i get such epic scenes? im weak and small
just
that is not representative of the entire set
may have another half hour
feeling down today
off to hong kongagain! goodbye guys
ugh gots to work tomorrow morning!!! need to be up at five and ready to smile lol
i think someone is mad at me ......
why do i keep working for places that dont do the cycle2work scheme. 15 disc at halfauds is good enough.
trust me i dont know half of them and wouldnt want to meet any of them ever they are dreadful this year
sitting at work wishing i was still on vacation. i had the whole month of march off and i had to come back to work.
damn it, craig cant make it
i miss my ugly wight!!!
an hour has now passed n im still on this digital img thing. all nightah.
my dog is pissed at me. poor baby.
kids are on holidays
i did it ! yay !! this makes my brain hurt
had to come home from the show because neal had a belly ache
i have had an allergic reaction to my contacts, stuck with my specs until it clears up. means and end to my breast feeding tho
feels out of the loop
at home just came bck from stratford!!! did alot of shoppin! yay omg school is in like 2days xx
i wish i had tickets to see britney! i wish she was coming to michigan.
i only have one follower... will you please follow me?
i went a few min. ago and sign up wasnt clickable.
in a lot of pain. hes getting surgery on monday to have a direct point for morphine to go in.
time to say by to j last hurrah at kels tonight.. beers and tears!
shit i wanted to sign up for the gaypride parade in amsterdam but thy reached the maximum boats yesterday... how much bad luck can i have
now even more annoyed with bones. i would have preferred the gratuitous grossness. poor angela
is very bored in work
i so sorry for your loss. my brother dog sam is sick wcushings disease.
cut a bit of skin off my finger... o i think its time to go to bed now.
little chuck just died. think he got too chilled when the heating pad auto shut off while we were gone. goodbye little guy
ughhh.. i gotta go to work soon
finished everything she needs to do at work tonight. ugh...three hours of nothing coming up...
honestly, im more than a little bit bummed about the 5 thing
not enuf sunday jazz club, dad, moroselooking upholstery guy were getting to be an item at this rate.....
forgot to bring socks to the gym. i bet i get blisters!
twiggassssssss i been out of range all day im back now and hopefully for good.
why did i stay up so late? must wake early
is feeling weird today. happy and sad at the same time. and missing my people from italy ilyyy lt3
i never want this to end!!!! asot400
no, its because im an author, not a subscriber
im sorry to hear that!
ill never find that mystic dream
picked up my new glasses yesterday, and when i woke up this morning i thought they got my prescription horribly wrong! its snowing
i dont think were going to seeing the smb consumer product uptake in the linux market for a couple more years unfortunately
i hope chetters is alright
i was completely disconnected from the world for 2 weeks.... its time to get back to the land of the leaving!
yeah, i did think that, maybe you should have been unforgiving in the first place you could hurt me that much, you could
nicola ruth white. your stoopid hoegarden burnt my face
4 more hours before i head to work
so no hot beefy hunky guy then? does not love
i dont think that were going to make it tonight girls... but we did our best would be proud!!
nooooo!! are they really angry?
i really want to go rollerblading by the lake....why is no one around today to do that
i think that its pretty standard wherever you go? cant find it anywhere in canberra yet
urgh, iweb is so difficult to work with!! they make you think its a template but its really not
my partner bought it and he told me that it was more full on than meet your meat and chew on this...so i havent watched it.
is at work!!! xx
i should work out more often and more constantly.. im still tired from yesterdays racketball session..
rainy day
umm. hi. my eyeballs hurt. and the seventeen again on watchmovies.net does not work.
i wanna chill
susan, sorry i dont follow basketball but what is the standing with the lakers?
i havent eaten. im hungry and my dad already started fighting. were waiting for the cable guy to finish. but we have no stove
is gutted my m.ac myth lipstick broke after 1 use
i dont have a tv in my room right now, and klara is watching a movie in the living room.
not too bad did everything i needed web browsing and c, lol. i dont have a lot to compare to though ...
want to touch your heiney
obviously its something that turns the joys of spring into in seven hours.
played another hand very bad and lost half my stack
stuffy nose. its preventing me from sleep. any remedies?
alarm at the marriott marquis has been going on for 2 hours...jumped out of my bath, went down 45 floors apparently malfunctioning
had to work.
checking on a empty car got a call about attemped suicide.
the line at petrol pump was killer and the guy at subway food joint is too slow. missing ipl
ate all the fruit tingles.
reinstalling my phone software for my computer in the hope itll charge it oh and
thanks, but not using wp. also dont want to waste money i invested in cc.
does not get it........
i like jaques lu cont but linkie not working
thanks i always need to talk
i have decided to come to this school despite my very disappointing experience
, walk, stumble, curse your way outside, down the driveway, past the chicken coup, keep going, almost there. outhouse...
i hear ya. but the credit bureaus probably have much more and they actually share that with credit card companies
away from tubingen and the germs, yes, away from friends, not so much
i am engaged to muppet orlando and i just realised oh my god i cant marry justin timberlake
im afraid not. i have a sony viao, thats officially not mine, and a windows desktop
im sorry ii missed it
really miss talking to missy
ahhh.... home sweet home ... im off til monday morning... thats the good news... bad news, the rain clouds finally broke.. its pouring
hoping i dont pick up the flu from rebecca
dramaa assignmenting is gay. too sick but i have to do it
not much, keen for the weekend though aye.. though weather isnt lookin great for satsun
i wanna go back to bed. why cant i fall back asleep?
i give up on hoping for a response i hope you have a great day serena. i will always support you in all that you do
call me back.
seriously needs to finish these job applications
ok seems to be working again now comp just had one of its midlife crises there seems to be everytime the quiz is on
cant find u on it
my dog is not doing so good... get better soon! x x
life guarding finals tomorrow i dont think im gonna pass
doesnt feel good
i think its mac only. sorry
where has the morning gone?
just stopped in at subway. they didnt have the fearless songbook at music cellar spent 6.50 on theory books i dont even want
i feel sick to my stomach!! ick!!
studying for a final...too bad its beautiful outside
is suffering the net
ugh!! why is it blizzarding in colorado????!!! wont be seeing my parents this weekend there plane got cancelled!
next week is dz bday weekend though...
all in the middle if the night. ive committed myself to installing windows 7 with boot camp but im already having issues
i was out most of the day so didnt get much done
lahore lahore essexeating only been to lahore.
uhoh..i agree
just realized my live stream wasnt sent to my twitter stream...ahhhh
fuck a birthday
i dont think my dog likes dubstep either howling
oh no!!!
really wish i could fall asleep, but to much is going through my head
youre not sweet
says busted songs make me wanna pick up the guitar again. boo to broken strings.
the company i work for shuts down on thursday... joblessville here i come...
god. i think a bird just shited on my nose.
and snow to go with it
o chem homework since 7 am
missed palm springs soo much!! that was the best group of people!!
not off the side of the bridge i hope?
not anymore! xx
atdhewlett your web site is down again.....................
flylady ok, just glanced in lr, boys in there, i think they are part hurricane!! i need to let them have some time b4 cleaning
i had a sad day
bummer after 3 years, my macbook pro battery is finally on the blink...power supply to die in 85 min
i havent been to my house in 3 days. when i just walked in the kitchen i found i left a bunch of fruit out and its covered in mold
writing an article video converters in test. itll take a long time
oh, take care cutie
all dissapointing .hows the party
a had to leave early, didnt even get to catch the bouqet but im gonna be at crazy horse 2nite..come by! ray j performing
goddamnit! haha, ah well. i love my mac i have a macbook now, and my imac back in nz. got a powerbook stolen last yer though
now im wanting to dig out the dvd and make sure, but its 6am and i should head to bed...tough decisions
my barry zito lost boo hoo. love him any way. i dont hate,,, he still is the man. steveo is gone dwts stars wont be the same
how about this, you take the micds prom and ill take the trivia night..
hanging out, just got back from the race track, lost about 100 oh well, had fun anyway.
lol slim goodbody?? i wanna see that pic! and for some reason i keep missing your replies to me
you never know one day you may be lucky and go to sleep with me at the same time haha
its a beautiful day and im going to go in to work! but, ill enjoy the sun tomorrow, so its okay.
mannnn i gern out man lol i cnt take being ganged up on
you guuuuys. i cant do it
are you online dearest? i dont know if my messages are going through.
got better at vegas 2 today! amp had a blast weveryone tonight! sucks that chick was talkin trash the end watevs yo
just woke up! soooooooooooooooooooo tired....
f1 cant believe i set my alarm to watch a traffic jam
those got cancelled now everybody else is rattling my brains amp makin me cuss something terrible!!
im sorry. maybe walking around all goofy at the store would help...hint hint! lt3
how do i carry boxes home on a bike? i cant. have to make two trips
i was at the park yesterday and i slipped on 2 metal bars and hit my rob cage..
yea im pretty sure they will, until something else crazy happens lol.i find myself randomly saying it tho, im ashamed lol
work still sucks not even halfway done and im starving
kept waking up, had the weirdest dream, and sick
wants to find but is stumped . . .
t?c lï½ bï½y gi? ko vï½o ???c ï½ mï½ tï½i cï½n ch? nh? cï½i uid c?a tï½i lï½ gï½, toï½n s?
its 324pm here, and i dont wanna go to chemistry course.. i dont wanna meet jordi! thats the main reason..
perverted men make me want to throw up
cant sleep. i dont like sonny being gone.
there is pollen all over my car but it does not feel like spring.
kinda sad that my show time is over for now
a i love this photo, is so cute, look at him teeth hahaha little poynter is grow now baby
there is 1 less squirrel in the world now...
omg! i have the same problem! i lent it to someone and they never gave it back!!!
deep papercut on miles to go. ...listening to music.
i am craving for muar chee specifically mt. erskines muar chee.
ahhh whhhhhhat shescape!! why wasnt i informed!! i hate not having my berry!! how was it!! they probably attacked ur ass lol
being sad that the publisher and author i set blogs up for is not using them at all when they would really help her
ive forgotten how to snoosnoo i wonder if snoosnoo and i will ever meet again...
i miss classics. i also miss real university, cause seriously, tcol is not real academia.
im bored right now !! holidays are almost over
and i still want to go pleasure beach at blackpool
sigh hell be there! i am a believer!! he always rises during origin. the great ones always do.
headed out with d and friends for some fun! not staying out crazy late.....working all day tomorrow! after a mimosa brunch if course!
but that requires assembly! assembly is completely overrated tonight. this is harder than i thought
sadly though, ive never gotten to experience the post coitus cigarette before, and now i never will.
the skype3 phone is not available in the u.s
snuck into a bar! that was hella scary! damn i wish i was 21 already
not a good night
i cant believe i missed it,hopefully it will come on again!!!!
i still like the kid i liked last year we liked each other but never dated.himamphis gf broke upampi was so happy.but now there back together
congrats!!! bella misses you
heading to school after 11. sisters sick
my second last day in pune
waiting for india to hit the stage...i cant believe i left my camera oh well having fun with my mom and bro
sorry about that
you been hacked or something? that last entry is not you...
quotpackquot the duckling found safe but his webbed feet have been cut and a new one will still have to be made.
oh no! did i miss it? sniff
brain feels clear, sinuses do not. meh.
oh, cant believe i never new
just microwaved a kashi chicken and spinach thing, and put in the milk dvd. anyone seen it? i bet its good. i still havent seen slumdog
well dont because then wont be able to take cute pictures of you. lol
just wanted the bombers to win
was so thinking of you, family and friends. glad youre okay! but its a black day for italy, with all those people killed.
yeah, i was just trying to be cute. i failed.
connection not good too much intruption asot400
no, it is not fun.
sorry to hear that. anything specific? x
ugh. internet is so slow.
i know! i crashed as soon as i got off the phone with you.
just leaving the parking lot of work!
have fun away from america haha
last day before vacation! hip hip hooray hip hip hooray!...alarm didnt go off this morning making me unproductive before a very buys day
its only tuesday gorgeous!! hasnt even reached mid week yet
it really annoys me when im on msn on my 360 late at night watching a dvd and i fall asleep inadvertently. damn it lukey
on my way to school. i have been wearing my retainer lately so my teeth are sore
coffee amp cigarettes. blah
heartburn sucks!
has got really bad cold, thanks my darling husband. you rock for giving me this.
having a bad day
continuation lmaoo i fell asleep work up at 930 then i was watching stomp the yard it finished at 12am order chinese
i know same, but i want to be able to sing more than anything. itll never happen with the crap aka vocal chords in my throat
good god i just finished watching making the band ...why he gotta to kick her out!!! i was so sad for dawn
morning! watching a movie..on lmn! you play a woman named cynthia..what is the name of the film? i dont know
listening to murd and 9th wonder just chillen out missing my crazy sex life
nope
watchin.. im not there. and missing heath ledger
im so tired. havent slept since yesterday! hope the plan still goes through im not in the mood of sleeping my weekend away. again!
is running this morning inside. work tonight, school tomorrow, then being vics stupid taxi tomorrow night thank god ap is this weekend!
fta anyone heard about this? wondering if anyone is carrying voom anymore or are they pretty much dead?
tomorrows the last day of spring break it went by to fast!
what is everyone doing ... bored
have 100 followers. w00t! probably all seo spammers, though. bah
man my neck hurts.
erm can we please not mention cadburys choc...... i moved from england to california and really miss cadburys
taking my dog to the vet soon i hope everythings okay with her
ok time 2 go watch fast amp furious n get my mind off of my crappy life right now
is back in byron bay fresh, missing all my melbourne friends
im sad that i didnt get to go bowling sad day...
eating one of the kids easter eggs oh dear, i have no will power ......
my iphone has gone so slow and keeps crashing
disappointed in missing out on a music video lead role
now our kitteh stanley is sick! his lungs are filling with fluid and he has to spend the night in an oxygen chamber at the emergency vet.
good morning everyone! starting my day off with a nice cup of joe.....and an eye infection.
so as a succesful land surveyor 10 years, both field and office, i have spent more time unemployed than employed in the last 6 months.
is mad that im not home in memphis...i missed africa in april, and the dub car show
dontcha just love microsoft corrupted open xml documents.
asot400 no daniel kandi tonight... he did not make it
i want to go to the easter show
im tidying my room, why are school holidays so boring?
getting my brakes fixed, then shopping for shoes. but first, i need to talk to celina.
my octopus exploded in the microave
4 hours sleep, looks like things are getting back to normal.
funtime over, back to the painting
oh i really wish i was still snoozing. gotta gohave to be at work for 8am
and there was me thinking at least it got you some time off work still, im sure you have more peace and quiet to work at home.
we watch my name is earl, reaper, chuck, castle and kind of dollhouse together and also watches sarah connor chronicles.
i know! i was really surprised since everyone recommends them on youtube. i have to call them tomorrow and figure it all out.
yey! have finished coursework... thank god for that.. took me 3 hours
missing my boy
missing you!
is off to work. three more days
still trying to sell the prelude?
i dont want to go to school tomorrow for an exam, after having one and a half weeks off
trying to finish up some work before playing this afternoon! in the office
conshence i think, but i wouldnt know either xd goes to dictionary conscience. aw i dont want him to die
my favourite patient died today, what a downer
crazy wind today no birding
back in the land of the living, but alas, have head in work!
wishing she hadnt drunk so mush yestaday
is not impressed with the rain i wanted to go market shopping bleh.
stop tormenting me! im not there yet! now i have to wait until next year.
burning flesh smells good in the morning...ouchies got the sun burn real bad!
not feeling so good anymore after that ride
to amp only made it 6 miles. it was way too hot and i drank too much water at mile 4 and had to battle cramps
i was suppposed to go to philly this weekend and i didnt!! guess i missed out! lol
just getting back...it was fun. however, im exhausted. that means...no post tonite
day 2 of wisdom teeth pain wont end
had to order my book! what do you mean people dont have an immediate need for obscure language reference books? wtf? etymology is so in!
becuz technically in the bible it says that man should not lay w man nd woman not w woman. its an abomination...
man, i need to finish working so i can play persona 4
i need some selsun blue...pretty sure i have a small spot of haole rot
your leaving??? again.... this makes me sad
the only bad thing about aids is you can only catch it once id want to inflict more pain on the deadshits of this world.
wishes for good old cartoons to come back. ie captain planet! wheres wally! daria! sadness
i cant believe that i am still waiting for a damn delivery. its clearly not coming today.
jusss came back from the worst partyy of my lifeee ! ugh amp i saw ppl i didnt wanna see... im sooooo sad
had plans but they were changed boreddd
they are fat and old and nasty and flirt with me...gahhhh
chuck liddell is so out of shape its not even funny. the biggest belly fat ive seen in the octagon.
haha yup. im spending my last day of break on a plane
i cant stay awake right now. so i guess i was wrong about coming back.
still no keys. sigh. this is going to cost a lot to replace
augh, eff sarth i stole some of mils nail polish, its pretty! o
bad ending to the week in winston salem windows account on laptop got semihosed, and i lost at least for the moment all my settings
motivated to sleep, but im feeling quite icky.
i am without words. oy.
aw i wish i could! i cant really speak to my yia yia because she doesnt speak english
well the flames lost again
still procrastinating... i hate organizing my clothes theres just so much....
omg i feel like a jerk! great guy and all i can think of is craigby
haha damn you now i want jelly beans
i cant smile,i dunno how to atm iloveyou xoxo
oooo what kind? im mad. im definitely in the baking mood but our fridge is broken so i dont have anything to bake with
mr s no longer has fb
snow, the guy im seeing car at work...lmao...he gonna kill me
morning!! good mood, bad pain. lovely day for staying in bed again
on the way to d.c. for the day with jillian. were on a charter bus and i have to pee really bad. were in traffic
i cant take this heat! its like an oven in here. i feel sick nwo
is back in chch, oh yea!! now to find a new flat have to move out, flatties moving in with boyfriend so i have to go ......
im lying in bed! cant sleep gotta be up at 4 for a shoot!
im getting more and more people asking where they can buy the ambients album. simple answer is quotnot yetquot itll be on itunes eventually
lol pitty points ftw ...they dont always help though
txtchat with jake. lmfao. its frikkin awesome! i miss this effin boy so much. a hoping you would come back here na! xxxx
i will be studying, researching and writing all weekend long... shoot me!
i do want to but not sure if i can im so bored
i think my milk was bad.
fraking app store is pissing me off
shit. i broke my blackberry! its dead, and the charger broke into my phone.
i feel soooo bad for my doglet! she is not understanding why her mouth is so sore! poor little thing
the most boring dinner ever! i hate being stuck in the house wanting nice food and not having any!! sulky mood coming up
i have to wait for the rest of the season to download.
18 weeks till sisters home.. i missed her call, again! its the worst feeling in the world.
so sorry you are sick! try chewing on a piece of horseraddish. its nasty but it helps
got a new desk today. its got a hutch and laptop doesnt open up properly
haha no she cant see that well unless she goes on my profile well ilyyyyyyyy
had a great time on my birthday but my phone went overboard... so thats one bummer.. and my sunglasses..
night all. i cant believe i have to go back to school on monday these past two weeks have flown by
finally a warm amp sunny day! apartment hunting reading new moon, no clue what to do for fun tonight as usual
trying to figure out what the heck is going on. i dont understand this site, why wont it let me upload a picture
busy day gardening and planting seeds today now to start with the work
broke my tooth yesterday it feels like its spilt in half.
i cant go through this again, im so tired of it!!
oh dear mate 20 down hope the 2nd half picks up for you!
hey girlie. sorry youre having so much troubles with getting home!!! have a safe trip!!!
what about people like me who work weekends though? wednesdays are not good at all
was goooooooooood. you never came on missed naked time lmfao xx
tomorrow i fly again for the eighth time this year! as always im starting to get nervous already!
not looking forward to the rest of the day!!
beginning to enjoy lazy town oh dear
errrggggg! my tummy hurts.
got zoo much work to do its not even funny
ok, so i still aint found my momma wtf? umm, myspace and facebook are so much easier.
what happend?
twitter is getting boring because no one talks to me..and barely any of my friends ever update
swisher didnt pitch jays won again!
my purse broke. the clip at the top fell apart and i cant find all the pieces... i wonder who can repair such things
well, i didnt mention the stale peeps.
. i feel your pain. we had a sprinkler line bust underground amp were on a hill. flooded nasty neighbors yard, 400. water bill
myn should of been here today but it didnt turn up hope its here 2moz !! x
alarm... hmm. they usually put the playlists up on rages website at the end anyway, right? my tvs busted
it huuuuurts
finalising annual report for 2008... ugh
is wishing i was with my line sisters eating cinnamon rolls, eggs and bacon
is well bored and has to wait for 3 hours to start getting ready
dude my bf went up to him and said he was hot and he only got a dirty, confused look! so disappointing lol. ff5 still rocked!
finished with the paper! now on to the next
trying to check my phone bill online seems like it doesnt like me though!
walking around asian garden mall... havent been here in ages! last time i bought some trancetechno cds
it dropped out again
sitting in my hotel roommm! i miss kellan
off to work to do some it strategizing and then strategize fixing my own computer at home.
why do you put up with him!!!!! you should listen to your mom
well monty seems ok now. hyper in fact. ii think it clicks back in
on the air until 8am on majic100! but scary news, just found out my girls friend got beat up tonight. i sure hope hes okay
damn im jealous, i wanna watch the fight i love ufc just no one knows.
thanks,debbers. i hate beig siiiick. crieslt3
i cant even look formy apartment cus those site are also blocked boo!!
not just you. i thought he looked paler, too probably from drama filming. jun looks healthier than ever, though.
the pool was actually closed! couldnt even swim good thing i biked and ran this morning...even on a busted foot!
my kids asked about quotthe red dotsquot on my face, quotwhy like that? how come?quot pimples. quotwhat are pimples?quot
another wasted saturday night
nope its fine i will just eat plain rice or something. wow we really have no food in this house
2 hour break from work then no twitter for 5 hours, boss has put a ban on phones
ah, birthday morning. the sun is shining. its warm outside. what a perfect day... to be scheduled to work
its cant always be all about the glamourous movie making.... today is laundry day
wish i could game some more tonight but feeling like crap right now
i havent slept a wink... severe insomnia... arghhhh... why!!!
babyshowerington with mom dukie while im hungover and sick
i was just thinking that today how deprssing it all is! makes us appreciate life more.
paranormal was pretty good tonight!
going to go sleep. i wish it was the weekend already! 2 more days of work to go!
drat you using firefox?
oh my god its well sad seans a beeeyyaaatch! xx
is it just me or as soon as it goes past 10 my house gets proper cold
tried to have my picture taken with but got turned away was great though
stapler haiku whar a night! woo hoo! yeah! a beautiful night to party! oops, im a stapler...
i got 666 followers dat last person dat followed must be a demon lmao jp
it is raining here...
craving pinkberry right now and cant get my fix.
all the photos i try to upload are too big
man im so sad right now. can i get a few more hours of live mixing? asot400
new interview about wolframalpha insanely cool. cant wait for the launch in may wolframalpha search semanticweb
why dont the hot guys from my gym get on my train in the morning? its always full of dullards
i will wait for you at fanclub chat.. even tough youre not my favorite
i sure wish i could go with you guys tmrw. but as per usual, school interferes.
the sims
not loving stids any more
is in love and wishes he werent.
why didnt i think of that
yeah ur lucky bevrely hills ? i live in new york but havnt run across anyone famous yet
going to help my parents pack up for their big move...
stupid twitter keeps telling me that its over capacity
tierd whats pt swagger mean.. i love the sound of it
kicked ass in saigon museums. went to s21 amp killing fields in pnom penh. 2day visited 5 of angkor wats. lost our aircon room tho
and the sun is hidden again
hoping my stomach flu is finally gone
dear nick, i love yaa, but i hate cha lt3 love, calista
missed my bebe.
roxie is singing quot im moving outquot......... by billy joel amill named mvg of the ecsuhl
im tired! all i want to do is sit n watch twilight for the gajilianth time but iv got to do my flamin dissertation
its not funny im hurt
not feeling so well this morning, not sure why i came into the office.
is never going to drink again .. i make an ass out of myself
yeah. i cried though.
ugh in bed again at 1230
i miss loma linda. even though its only 15 minutes away from the new house
r.i.p. fave jeans. if you werent discontinued amp unavailable in chicago, i would buy you again and again. like i have for the past 4 yrs.
missin my son..he went home with my monster in law last night i cant wait to get him back this afternoon after work!
looking for a small san, trying to decide between vendors amp technologies. so many choices, so much money
revisin latin set texts 4 gsces....
where are you playing? i had a dream last night that i shot an 84...only a dream.
sunny and windy here now the rain didnt last long
ow.
i did that too and just remembered i was still unprotected! hope i didnt get twitherpies
can we have something like hotspot shield for ubuntu? i am desperate for youtube here
hayfever attack! looks like ive got to get back on the flixonase again
ridiculously hot!!! locked up in my room for 2 days now qc? cool. not very familiar with qc though ?
makes for hard work for small businesses
how long were you planning to live? life expectancy in lewisham is low
praying for my grandma
i had a extravagant yet time conserving plan lined up for today.......which ive now forgotten
its hammocking weather! too bad the hammock is stuck in my storage unit!
im home in pain as always. at least i have a reason this time
its a beautiful day. guess where i am.... at the big 2...all day.
hi taylor! couldnt make it 2 the cmc snowys at thredbo but saw it on tv. im comin 2 the us in july hope 2 meet u! u rock
im sorry you have vista.
i hope your saving one of those 48 for me
i really want to see them filming it! i love hathaway, and my mum mocks me because she thinks fox is really weird
kelly good morning fellow tweets, there is allot of spamers on here. but thats ok, ill just get rid of them.
driving down i192 in orlando and seeing all the closed down businesses . its pretty depressing fb
ipl schedule for sa now online , but none of joburg matches are bookable yet cricket
wow, i am so going to say this in a sarcastic manner,quotfriend, you rock.quot. im appalled, but kind of expected it.
i got a new chapter for the book thurs. i spotted probs in it on fri. awaiting replacement. yet another weekend of work, still no payment
nope still nothing
car is yikes
allergies make my eyes watery and painful.
on my way to skool late as hell nd i dnt feel gud
i wish i had a tech guy.
why do most videos i play skip and jump
watching b play video games. oh well, its his birthday. looove him. and fracking tired. lacking enough sleep to get through a full day.
i really need to stop surfing the web when i have stuff in the oven... poor biscuits
rs have undergone some changes from what i know. they no longer have a deputy ed.
good morning...just found out i need to have a wisdom tooth out
watching my poor kitty fight for his life
stuck in traffic on the cross bronx
yay hannah montanas on disney channel fun ......not
yay going to plastic on thursday
ok fire marshal is tripping. we r at capacity at sugarhill. had to turn people away. and the damn ac is not working. what a night!
heading back 2 london after a great day at webdd even got some new swag should have stayed 4 beers but too much to do b4 monday
wow epicfail on me. i did a search for epicfail and didnt see many entries but apparently, its widely used. im depressed now
donnie!! when are you coming back to the uk? its been toooo long x
soo tired babysitting today from 3? may have to go to a late movie...
dude! cell phone is on the fritz! aghh im so sorry i missed youuu! love you hope you love the new job!
but unfortunately im going to the beach that day
watching tv, too tired to go out
sick. ears and throat hurting. now gotta talk with the welshman for 3 hours
done with marathon saturday meeting missed being outside on a beautiful day.
i dunno if im gonna make it up there this time ... hows the vaca so far?
i hate waking up early
so today is apparently cuddle up day. and i have no one to cuddle up with.
fever, cold, cough and sunburn
my legs are hot. no seriously ive been sat here with my laptop and its been slowly cooking my legs. i think my wrists are also cooked.
meh... almost lover is the exception... this track gets me depressed every time.
im sorry emma, is swarley a goldfish? im sad for u.
i reckon! im wearing bed socks for the first time this year boooooooo to winter
lol you ignored my friday facebook status
its been the longest day ever! i still havent eaten a thing all day
cant believe it is fourteen years today since i moved to liverpool...
hoping the tummy rumbles go away soon
i should have stayed in kville this semester. i miss my friends.
still very upset but strong barely slept last night so im going to try and sleep again. i miss him so muchh
new satc movie coming out 2010! but oz gets the premier last all cast back and its set in fabulous london...yay!
archiving project files to sharepoint. this is not fun
a bird seriously just hit a bird.
thankkss bby, i honestly dont know wahts wrong, im just in a sad mood.
horrific accident half way to 5 in oppos direction, looked like an explosion, smoke plumes fire trucks, trfc stopped
cedskis cake is gone! he said ppl ate it all amp he omly got a slice
no its definitely not working for me..
grrrr, feel like putting my head in the sand
wasnt the easter bunny i ran him over a few years ago. true story i was even told he was holding a basket of eggs
out working with sheep
is off to sleep hopefully. thanks for the company nat xx
allergies suck!! i have been having to take zyrtec for the last wk now..
a lovely day, blazing sunshine.... too bad i have to work
thanks, me too! but by the look of the radar we are going to get pounded until later tonight
didnt this it would be this hard. i love you grandaddy
i cant believe you amp amy are abandoning us...criessss
arrgh i wish i could download that but its impossible
he taught me everything i know.. lol, jk. im ready to leave wrk. im doing my deposit and the comp. crashed..
spoke to cateringï½pone not on lunch menu. though this reduces chances of me bepping during this afternoons session fifthsummit sota09
will prop 8 make california the next mississippi
todays warm weather gahhhhh
i just cant find a vase
oh, az, im so sorry still, many more chances to get it...
i wake up at 2am and think, ah yes, thats mice running around in the ceiling again
what am going to do tonight? times like this i start to really miss my boyfriend i miss and love you very much.
you simply drive me nuts... just ashame... its a travesty of life really. some guys have all the luck...
waiting, waiting, waiting for a phone call that may mean i can actually sleep at night......but then again
is at home nursing his cold... my friend called me this morning with an extra long beach grand prix ticket... a no go for me.
ok my tweet peep i must head to bed now...got to take a test in law tomorrow ...is it summer yet? anyway much love and huggers
waking up is probably the worst part of my day
i wish everyone would just get along ah well, cest la vie
doing my english coursework i better get it done and out of the way.
just got up and nappy very wet and split at the back going for a nice baby bath and then back in nappies i go
going out soon to vivo, i think. im so tired amp i havent completed any homework yet. i hatehatehate homeworks!
linds did i tick you off in your lj post? i cant get to it anymore. i hope i didnt.
hates the adobe flash security quotfeaturequot that stops playing video in full screen if the browser window doesnt have focus
its saturday and im holed up at home writing essays that were due 3 weeks ago. and the weather is actually good, 1st time in weeks.
why cant i sleep past 10am anymore?? i guess this is what happens when you get older
worked for just enough time to hear leicester score at southend one of those days i think
my head is reeling from all the work working tomorrow
oh, yea...would have been better, not function well, at work... i.dies. sobs
awake. feeling a little bleh. my head is very stuffed from this head cold
sliced the skin clean off my finger at bowling... amp it has a load of fluff in it...painful
lucky you im off tomoro, i was working like all day today crap much
you never told your cow story! we were waiting for it.
cant sleep i lay down for a bit amp im wide awake yet soooo exhausted
amen to that
i bet nick is gone and he just said the joke thing to keep us here like dummies
just wants to sleep, no matter how much shes missed school, people, and playing music. shes just worn out, and its only tuesday.
any chance you can switch from bit.ly to tiny url? i cant read any of your links at work as bit.ly gets stopped as malicious.
i dont think i want to see that episode of house
training class for my other job. hopefully it wont be boring! but i think it might be
.... hope youre okay?
at the airport. sad this vacation is just about over
currently wishing i could have more of the treacle sponge and custard that louise made me last night while watching order of the phoenix
i tried tweetdeck once and i hated it with a passion. or it hated me, im not sure...
its 840am... ive been awake for nearly 2 hours
so not happy with direct messaging and tweetdesk they just wont work for me maybe im just twitter stupid or something i dont know ugh
at ecu the plex is gone
... hey there! just wondering if youll be coming back to az soon? i came down with the flu amp missed the last tempe,az show
i wish i was going to see there for tomorrow tonight
upcoming events apr 29th, and dope on may 10th. missing my bff hardcore
so cuuute! hey, i miss you na! its not the same not seeing you girls everyday
there is no way i can go to school today im way to sick
lol i dont hve sky in my room dya rekon imperal squad wud be a hit if their video werent so .. dirty lol x
its not enough to say that imiss u
shame didnt say hi to our side of the studio! we shall have to go visit again soon!
no cause i have no one to go with tbh or no one has the money to go now, gutted cause i live like 10 mins from the venue xx
my drawer at work was 112 bucks short. they told me if they didnt figure it out tonight then i should expect the worse tomorrow
looks like 1 son may have to have surgery this really sucks.
photo field trip today. i just wish it wasnt so cold.
is not looking forward to working today
asot4 anyone got video?s i aint got
in religious studies class about to do our group presentation ... ugh schoolfinals all weekend
i reckon
i wish i got to watch it with you!! i miss you and how was the premiere?!
tonight could have been so much better, but sadly, its not
damn im bein kick off so my girl can twitt
i think im getting sick again. poop.
wants to go downtown and take photos...but has no one to hang with
is over but that was soooo good! cant wait for the real thing
poor cubby...he got called in today to work at the library.
okie doke. going to school. hopefully ill feel better throughout the day. here goes nothing...
i cant sleep either
boredd need 2 get redy soon cba tho
ok...i am not coughing anymore but i am sneezing.
su yin huen tweeted i feel unbearable guilt. i made my staff cry
im wearing all black socks o haha, they are pretty random and im bored and tired and a nigel
only two more days until holidays! all my friends are in public schools so we cant hang out on thursday then disneyland omg.
i want to get back in bed
thank you!. i always enjoy the catch up. went from a hot day in sgd to a cold, wet and windy day here.
sick to my stomach with stress right now.. why cant life be more simple??
unfortunately im not allowed to splurge it all otherwise itd be a netbook and a dsi for sure...now i have to choose one
im glad your having a good second day off ive spent my 2nd day having to do the garden too many bugsnot my style!
twitters been doing that to me tooo.
dang it! when you think you get a good deal on ebay make sure to read the fine print. got a poster and its damaged.
accidentally listened to the new sugababes album playing four girls aloud hits sequentially to purge the memory
going to nyc tommorrow that means airport again baha
had to check a few emails but im calling it now...my feet hurt good morning folks
looking forward to checking out jason hodges tonight here in taranta. but i cant stay too late
i had a migraine and now i cant sleep. boo
aw, sorry to hear that.
im at work, and im sick.. and its helluva lot todo. this blows.
ughhh schoool sooooon im holding every breath for you lt3 tila i love you so much,thank you for everything!you are amazing!xox
oh im so sorry to hear that very sad thing, he was so young
back from bangalore, missed dancing with a handsome wonderfully smiling foreigner
you mean just dry stuff? tbh he eats very little soft stuff and we give him dentabites, got teeth like his daddy probs
is bored and doesnt have anything to do
rereading the first chapters of my favourite wip fic. waiting for updates is such a drag and im running out of chs to reread
well my phone is still off
hahahahhha!! hows your food poisening going? has it gone away?
not playing magic because someone didnt want me to put a flame jab and a cruel ultimatum under a spellweaver helix.
anybody willing to help me??? ive been trying to make a sad tune on the piano for a new song but it always ends up happy and bright ???
too much work to do
i dont want to wake up early tomorrow. damn you, work!
new video card is doa.
is it possible to add another stream option that uses the regular 808080 port? i cant stream noagenda because of fwproxy
man, whats that? im not your enemy... please get off me meinvz... so ein shice!! i didnt do anything!! its hard as a man... ,
just woke up and doesnt want any school any more
what must i do to make sure you follow me?
repinging custom icons i made! look cool but the edges could be less square might look bad on a diff background
now why in the hell would people make fun of you, zack? im literally pouting right now.
loves what drupal file framework module could do, but is sick of bitcache errors making it impossible to upload files
i hate that living in l.a. and being surrounded by perfect noses and huge breasts has caused me to question my own beauty.
doesnt know what the fucks going on.. why cant i just have what i want for once.. its so unfair now sigh
borning thats me with a cold virus all bunged up and eyes all squinty...bah
remember that laundry i was lamenting about last night? well, its still there. the laundry fairy didnt come take care of it.
ive had a couple sessions. i wasnt too impressed, sadly but maybe i just needed substances in conjunction.
spilled my drink. cut off
mai thi communication system mï½ ch?a cï½ h?c ???c ch? nï½o h?t, ch?c l?i f?i n?p gi?y tr?ng nh? hï½m thi mï½n anten quï½, lt
whats wrong
i still dont have a fsas shirttt! love the cake.
2 and raining
oh! haha... dude i dont really look at em unless someone says hey i added you. sorry im so terrible at that. i need a pop up!
oh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! now remember our pizzas are smaller than yours mr! cries
heading out in the rain in search of a haircut.wish i could find s daughter, but not inclined to drive north
i love the hyacinths amp daffodils that i put on my desk, but now i think the pollen is starting to affect me allergies suck
im off now
oh noooooo.....that is horrible. pets are our babies our family members. its never easy. im thinking of u be strong.
richmondsad panda
dangit! i think i messed up that up hardcore lt3
ah..i hate flu..now its third day. guess what happened accidently i shaved my eye brows off. i need glasses
misses my student days... those days of sitting with a book n not getting up until it was over...
your beaus not online tonight bummer for u...and no music either!
ate too much oysters. baaaahhh.
is brooklynhearted
got a tummy ache..
he is dead on house
yumm i dont get maccas much cause its like an hour away
playoff time!! kinda weird not watching the suns. lets go cavs bron bron needs a ring.
visual studio doesnt let me draw things quick enough when im trying to explain a concept
in val dor, waiting for my wife and youngests flight to leave. a long drive to chisasibi for me.
josh hates me i love himmmmm
blip.fm is undergoing maintenance.
rand new to twitter...just finished listening to steve pettit downloads and will be missing our sun morning group while on break til may
reading last lecture so sad
grandad doesnt know what to do with himself, mam cant stop crying, i cant occupy my mind... poor gran, goodbye
no loves for me tonight...
i miss it too
wot a boring start to the ipl !!
clarkes shoes dont fir her they dont go small enough for her feet we have to go to specialist shoe shops
250km to go. torture. and iphone almost dead
icecream.. coldd
itll take 3 days for my sister to get her passport
i dont think there is any kind of good stroke. ill wait to hear from you. i love that little cat. l xxx
somebody is selling the japan only release of my first album on e bay for 25. damn thats it? a classic is worth more than that!
pc bluescreend on me o_o its nearing its end
missing phily like mad i hate when hes on 24hr duty
im lonely keep me company! 22 female, madison wisconsin
and it was a great song too
in makeup and hair why does mother nature hate me? my tummy hurts, im falling asleep, and its rainy!!! im exhausted,
getting sooooo tired, gotta be at work at seven am yuck
it hasnt asked always the way with the good uns
yeah i do.
i wanna have twitterrrific....
greaaat my lappy wont turn on wtffffff
betsey johnson is replacing my purse. i cant believe it broke.
im back from the beach i didnt want to leave
if it could quit raining for a while, that would be super. my poor plants.
had my studio taken over by some bloody musicians. that leaves me stuck in the office.
yo! system crashed if yur expecting mixes today! its probably not gonna happen! manana tho!!!!
its died!!! it was looking for its fathers mcfly! ok crap joke
can flaming bunnies really replace joanne? it doesnt seem likely
ugh my life is ruined, andy roddick is now married hahhaa
hope you feel better. why cali?
omg its so early there did you see my gift? 3
kinda lol wish you were here. oh wait youre like 20 min away from me.
sad movies make me think of things that i dont really wanna think about
tired cant sleep baby feeding at 330
argh i hate waiting
aw he just won an aerial o
2day i went 2 giantsgamevsdiamondbacksbut sadly they lost.urgh oh well, had fun atleast amp it was soo hot where we were sitting at lol
lmao im sorry poohpot i ate it all!
just got back from nyc. the city was fantastic. buy the yankees got slaughtered
half of the fish are dead or on the verge..
sitting down relax i feel so sick
so sucks that i cant see mia and lil wayne do sunshowers
i wanna talk to you so bad
my heart has been broken.
it was a bad week at ferretsfirst. we lost rosie, smeagol amp sakura
lol sorry ill make it up
actually recently apple has been pretty shitty about needing to reboot after many updates
just walked the dog. everyone else is hot but im stone cold
im sorry.
has a lot of shit to catch up on
wow....wrote 4 pages in one hour, while playing around with music downloads...lol...i knew i could write the paper!!! now math hw
oh man do my calfs hurt!!! mostly to right one because of an ubber painful muscle cramp s i can barely walk
wont go back to kfc for a while. where kfc failed is i ordered my usual fave, but their guy suggested the quotspecialquot instead. not yum ...
wishing i was at home
hanging with harry and squirrel! school tommorow i dunno how im gonna get up at 6.30! arghhh
wishing i could sneak in to watch the star trek premiere
only 18 more days left in london, where did the time go
had a rough morning. weaning noelan isnt fun for anyone. hes making sure that everyone knows he isnt happy soooooo tired.
is trying to look to the big picture, but boy its hard to some days
got a full day ahead of me. no time to tweet
still no lights!
i dont want to be a grown up yet...
aww do i have to? me and cara had plans
whats up with the website? its not working wont load at all.
dizzy, i am not feeling well today.
my godbrother is back in the hospital. please keep him in youre thoughtsprayers.
doing a little cleaning before bed. my head hurts
vbscript foiled by change managment dam you change managment and your anti altf4 blocking skills
just woke up an already have written some email... ive to go early at university today as i have to teach at 830 am!
watched twilight last night, was brill but not as good as the book!
lol i do, but its like even when i sleep loads, i stil get them! its weird and annoyin
this isnt fair. i hate this. d
that sounds painful
i hate css
uh oh! shes complaining of a headache again....this is no good.....
mornnnninggg. ugh by cub has gone to work without a phoneee. got no one to textt
anyone tell me why i cant sleep for some reason? maybe i should try again.
tomorrows the final show
stuck in college again
no more zoo hopefully going out tonight though.
penalty to cardiff...noooooo missed. now i know its not gonna be our day
wow can we slap that person? homophobes suck
waking up... after too much beer...
given up on the blog
twitter! i feel like im running away from you, forgive me?
boredd. colddd internet keeps stuffing up
we do talk else where gtlt i wasnt there
didnt get to go to the party last night
wishes she could make a difference...
very very busy not getting a chance to twitter as much as before
im trying to work on my last assignment of the year, but i just cant get that spark. all i want to do is lay in the grass and read.
good morning! just helping otu to clean the house...
aww, georgie! those boots sound killer though. xd
morning pat! another one in sunny spain? except its not sunny here today, cloudy and raining.
i must not have unlocked that one, yet. im a slowby.
sittin here wkayla, i really really reallly dislike having a brother. he doesnt know when to stop. im waiting for the day when one of
my throat is still really sore. i was meant to be going on a 5 day camp from friday but not so sure now
oh the day is almost over...
i think i have a fever. idie. dont know if ill be able to make it to class. boo!
is going 2 finish painting. nd goin 2 clean. ohh wat fun
got a speeding ticket
is hungry....must go grocery shopping...no juice
im in germany right now! i cant come to l.a. 26th april...
y is ashton kutcher rubbing his 1 mil followers in my face?
so many important things going on at once
ahhh got a little headache. quick nap b4 supper to get rid of it..
today is already bleh, didnt have time to str8n hair, late, and have a headache, wanted to sleep forever, !!!
seriously...if i had only stayed up for 1 more hour, i could have tweeted with the boss.
lunch yum cha sharks lost again won four meat trays in the club raffle a few beers overlooking bay love sunday arvos!
hates having up to 10 blogs and wordpress site .
is the present perfect subjunctive
sorry, we see this twitter account is for you personally. should we follow another for qt4 community events? are we alone?
ohhhh no! is he gone? i wanted to say my goodbyes
doubleheader at les today only 2 more home series left in the season
yankee doodle went to town ridin on some 20s.. aww i miss wild n out
is needing a new mobile phone, the lg ku990 viewty caught my eye but i cant seem to find it anywhere in black
at home with being bored
im hella breaking out
hates waiting for mails
aww, i wish i could have been there! are you still around next weekend, maybe we can meet up for drinks!
cannot stop coughing so much for sleeeping
haaaaa i want mac amp cheese toooooo!!! hahahaha hey..i still got the one u left here...i guess im making that today oo lol
why cant even women close doors without slamming them? jeeeezzz
what up?
disappointing...so many videos not available here in canada.
funny tasting ab juice is not nice, especially when no one believes you.
im sad i wasnt there
they will have afternoon tea with fans soon.. jealous i got a dean shirt woohoo.. posters sold out. checking my silent auction now ahbl
ok heres the deal i live in a small town ive never seen anythin famous n anyway so i thought i might luck up on something
just watched quantum of solace, had some gd action scenes but overall im a little dissapointed... not much of a story line..
sigh i need to talk to you about friday
off to do 1,000 chores. yay. have a great day, everyone. ?
completed 6h on the bike today, in windy conditions. last 23 hours was pure suffering in the wind
bh doesnt have it
my cat keeps eating plastic
cant wake up, so exhausted
i kno i got all excited
i wish i was! sold out if you have some time let me know, i would love to hear more about what you are up to!
is thinking how short are the easter holidays even before starting
contemplated going out for a postmidnight walk but still have piles of work to get through
hey please reply to me! no famouse people do!
why didnt i have more candy apples in my childhood?
and its done now i need to curl it omg i need someone to do this for me then my makeup then get dressed then tidy up ... all befor one !
no one likes a mediocre sandwich right, ?
missing shmoopy. shes growing up too fast
you swallowed another hair
another night that i going to bed very sad because you dont twitte me!
... july when term is over. everything is up in the air and i cant tell you how pleased i am with all that. fucking pleased.
morning!!! good im bloody knackered!!! work is not for me today helppp!!!! xxx
wishes she could drive.
vip guests today ________quot blohheeee i hate it
just woke up and realized i slept away my saturday night mikey and i are such bummy sleepy heads
thanks to and for a great day yesterday. feel bad for not playing divine comedy in evening sorry!
it should definately not be snowing outside!
watchin a scanner darkly... sneezin up a storm
im sad i missed thunder this year ... thanks to homework and reading ... but hey, the big d as in derby is what its all about !!!
getting the hang of this but none of my friends r even on here?
i hate being the first one in and the last one out. and its been this way for a while now.
yeah... sometimes i actually do try to be gangsta when i feel like it would suit the moment... but i always fail miserably
unfortunatly no, my dad drove here and isnt too happy with my hangovervomit situation he had to deal with earlier sorry
there are no courses online and prpoercourses are exy best thing is practice
mine were rescue dogs. we think they were stuck outdoors in cages so sad!
i miss u miranda, pleez come back online
unreliable internet, potholes and a phone that doesnt dial properly. text formatting is being stripped from some pages, any ideas?
cant yet. must finish programming lights soon though!
is loving the rain...missing the dude.
is loving nin today! shame i cant chill with a beer or two and listen to them have to do dissertation instead ah well back to it!
i tried that.... didnt work....
omg did daughter not come home last night?? what a huge worry. i would have been out of my mind. poor you!
actually kinda tired, even though i should still be driving, coming home from iowa, but i didnt go, so im home already.
im lonely keep me company! 22 female, california
eric, get a twitter! lol and sorry about your teeth... why are you getting them out? dentists will do anything for money....
just got up now im sad think i just lost a friend that wanst made yet and im mad as hell at u!!!
i have been told by friends that constantly circle the globe that the flight from the uk to downunder is the worst ever!
were going to san antonio in 4 hrs and i need to get some sleep im sure it aint helping that im eating and whining about my gray hair
so tired but cant sleep
bed for me, i guess...
aww, youve ruined my evening
struggling hard with inventory
omgah, so bored.. somebody give me a new fun thing to do for now.. i tired tetris.. video games.. and solving rubix cubes faster
back in school on monday .......
wah, you was in germany! wanna see you
i think its dead
cody is making me play l4d in christophers room.
a
just trying to help
what should be for lunch today? im tired of panera. tired of sandwiches oh noes...
on the train sans guardian
wants a g1 or a prada 2 contract!
in the car on the way to franks pizza. i miss my babyboo
gonna miss aids walk again....boo
another bz day college, gotta mk a presntn on gibson guitar robot now as a part of microcontrollers course
cant believe that the week i am away from blogsphere you have contests! cant wait for the next. xoxo
wishes someone could whisk me away from all this studying xxx
attack of the hayfever! noooo
super worried about everything
shokudo with my girls! missing jen. happy birthday lynne!
i wish we were in a fanfiction it could be quotwith mequot, do you like this one?
another awesome day. reffing hockey...missing her
86mph nys thruway ticket i cant afford
is annoyed that she doesnt have her phone with her today
did we miss it all???
i wish i could install japanese input on windows 7 beta
finally went out. kind of lame but we made it fun. ouch paper time
cant keep it up girl, im sorry
yo! im sleeping on your couch and is on the other side. wheres my bff, jace!?
getting kicked off the comp by the girl who always liks my food, im out
now i have to wait for her she says.
i lost my voice. if anyone finds it please let me know.
hi. i miss you. i havent seen you all weekend k im going to shleep now.
added the dns system, compatibility is okay and am looking forward to the possibilities now open. but i need to rework the intro sequence
going to the circus.....kinda bummed cuz im missing a casino trip for this but hopefully itll be fun
too cold and tired to write good twitter. everyone was obeying the cops tonight, total dissappointment. we were so close
my left far is so burnt it is swollen.
lol the 1st one is hilarious..yeah but anyway, enjoy yourself..im jealous of all those ppl who are gonna see you guys lol
sitting at home sick
im lonely keep me company! 22 female, baltimore maryland
is it saturday yet? friday for most , but one more day for me
i lied. i still am not recieving them.
moment of silence 4 ur boston celtics
surfing on the internet ... im a litlle bored
where did the week go?!?!? not enough hours in the day and not enough days in a week
why am i up so early!! i am bored and have had that trantula song stuck in my head for the past hour!! ...
preparing for d bournvita quiz contest,ive got only 2 days 2 do so! .
really? that sucks.
no phantasy star yesterday going to work...
still watchin the cards, aint looking good.
...but first the other workathlon 3 sets of management accounts one after the other.
goodd nightt sweet dreams to everyonee jared neveerr chat on kyte lol
why show so much attention to the haters but dont respond to fans that love you? u never respond to me just block that bitch
cats for the longest time. one of the meanest cats ever.
so sad. i just learned there is no episode of dollhouse this week.
is going to school to do dt
happy for coach stringer hof co 2009!...now if i can only finish my term paper on her
love the pancake. it looks yummy! pity you cant email food im ready for a late night snack about now...
awww my whitestrips are not staying on
i realised scrambled eggs on a hangover not a good combination
oh now you want to speak. hmph! yess. im done puts me in my place. im actually listening to that now. get out of my itunes!
more torture from that weather, uhg. i wish there was a cure for migraines. have little hope of growing out of it since mom suffers too
is not in the mood to work today bring on my day off tomorrow!!
booored at work..
king tut exhibition... pretty cool. too bad the mummy cannot be there
almost bedtime
i was feeling left out
i think i over react when it comes to money... i really need to stop this obsession with saving it its not healthy
omg! gotta leave for the bday party. sad about missing mavsspurs. maybe ill pretend like i have something to do and leave early.
unrelated, i totally left my jacket at the bar last night.
sun and dï½ner, what a great lunch break. but now its project time again upcoming meeting masterplan sounds important but is ...
you never told me the ilaa horror stories. and i will be out of my rut when this damn headache goes away.
my wife and i have been together for 12 years this month. married for 3 years. we still dont have a joint account.
jamie is on now too! upset, every 1 he wants 2 follow is fake 1
good morning im awake earlier than i wanted to be. oh well off to work soon
no more snow i want warm sunny weather
has paint in his hair
waiting at the airport for my ride while i get harassed by 2 men trying to sell me ugly hats.. why me?! i just want to sleep..
nataliee! i love you and still have your bday gift i must see you soon!!!
ugh, i feel sick to my stomach
hey tom, hope you guys have a great tour, i live in australia so i cant go
imified not working good imbot
this is why you need to not be over in the old world. i misses hanging out and being awkward with you
didnt get much sleep last ngiht, with all the fire trucks
has a throbbing headache, except its in my knee... does tequila fix that?
the candy tricked us!!! it pulled us in with its bright, happy colours then robbed us of all our money
is goin to work
i dont have twitter on my phone
in catholic morality... lab nextt apparently i didnt study the right stuff for apush. fml. w.eee
button missed corner f1
cannot upload my pic
im guessing my tiffanys necklace and box grew a pair of legs and ran away ahhhhh
facebook is being a tard . i cant get a hold of my cousin and dont want to go out alone, cause thats no fun
not been the best twitterer today first one of the day and its nearly the afternoon. working too hard again
that is so infuriating.
just off for a walk down the seafront. typically the dark clouds seem to be closing in
yabut then everyones gonna see it . and talk to him and then he wont reply to me anymore
oh and forgot to mention. i have no voice.
sounds like sledgehammer approach to management! sympathy
what a bad day! need comfort drink sipping on a mocha frap here at starbucks with tricia. so tired
wheres my blackberry messenger is not the same
taking my starbucks break, ugh so sleepy
i still love the blazers tuesday, tuesday...
good luck...portia is a bitch and andy is a born asshole
dude.. hope you guys are alright, except the homecar
a whats wrong now??
o what a doozy of a headache. 2 tablets later and it has only taken off a slight edge
319 more followers til 1k not happenin anytime soon
but i missed breakfast cause of it and its supposed to snow 3 to 6 inches today. is it april or january?
just sold first yorkshire terrier puppy of the litter.....i miss her already
back to bed for me
a no hands you a drink, and some nikes
lol i do 10 so gotta get it in before horrible huh? lol
i guess im getting up. i miss all m friendys. i wish i was with you guys. oh well. dentist then rehearsals.
for those of you thinking i hate the yankees i dont. im a yankees fan. and losing to the orioles no less
guessin shes really been dismissed
so no crab huh?hehe,anyways,i need to work now and pack my freaking room!!so messy!
ill be doing homework most of the day so i feel your pain. and andrew wont be here all day since he is working
im locked in!!!! cant sleep
oh i understand, its happened to me and i never forgot it. i can tell you stories about oobes. havent had one for a while.
finally reached anns school. crazy. photoshoot got canceled. how to shoot when only 2 host are present?
and here is me with no one nearby to share with
ugh, homework. ive got no money... i wish i could go dancing tonight what about you?
time to move my posterior and lose some fat. my articulation are creaking so no more running but iï½m drool for some swimming
i didnt have enough sleep
will probably be in scotland next week.
i know right bummer haha
i did get some disgruntled people when i wrote my esn, but the 1000 hits in one day made up for it. bill pulls in 250 tops
feels good to have finished all my reading but tomorrow i start writing essays cant wait for adam to return home on monday.
what?! but eesa lmao you cant!
my bro and sis but very young, mums working today so thought i would help out... i dont have any sun
tryin to upload a pic... but its not working
i think my upcoming trip might be my last trip to disney this year..the hubby wants to cancel our august magic kingdom view to save money
i can seriously never listen to paparazzi again without getting the chills. that was my jam.
momma misses you.
cant find a good pic for my twitter
feeling inspired to do a number of things..to busy to do them though creative outlet needed.
ugh. i didnt really finish my cs i turned it in as is. i will be able to do better now though. less distractions. lol
no music today. blip.fm is undergoing maintenance
today sucked im going to bed now lexi im going to call you from my dadbrothermoms phone tommorow
ive just started climbing again.havent done a dorset trip for yrs tbh...were all to busy...
mitchell james is my uncle kappa man who passed 4 yrs ago. the kappas named a scholarship after him. miss my superman
i feel like the only developer not invited to swfoocamp
i hate work. havent done much today. im trying! i have artists block. cant draw
ok, guys...how many of you speak neat and mature english? and why you guys always go judge people when you find somebody from abroad?
my kid is wheezing...again! i surely dont wanna go to the er
watching girls next door haha!!!nothing on tv
doing homework
all my tweets are already gone, arent they missed you guys tonight.
why is everything biting me? first the hamster, now the cat
may have fallen asleep in the sun yesterday and burnt myself
shrugs i think hes had enuff... i mean, im doing all of this so everything can b easier. im doing this for him...
unfortunately, i dont like ben and jerrys
yo thanks for the heads up... might be in chelyabinsk that weekend
how was your birthday? presents? my cell is shut off so cannot call or send text
ill def. be there if im not rostered on that nite. been workin sat nite a lot lately why do ppl eat at restaurants!! haha
stoked to go up to la tomorrow for a birthday bash!! woot!! but sad im missing coachella...
thanks have been looking for some info on john lackey....not the information i wanted to hear though
in a serious mood this morning def, need to change that asap lt wondering if i should take on a new account or focus on me n eff
u kno i luv the isley bros... hey my friends band is def perf 4 records store day in lil 5pts but i fell asleep phuck!
last night at my last asp
nice and comfortable in my bed, watching 10 things i hate about you...heath ledger
oh hunny! i can use all appliances in the kitchen. i love to cook and bake! i just dont always have someone to eat it
up early and off to work till 630pm.
why do i keep looking...i know that what i read is gonna hurt but i still look! i guess its just a girl thing amp i need to get over him.
still out of the quotrealquot world... no even good cell range
twitter is not working very well for me... and marc faber over dinner is exahusting fare...
hey there donnie! hope all is well. if youre in nyc please give it a big hug from me. i miss home
just saw a pic of patrick swayze in a magazine... its so sad ppl really need to just let him be...
its 6.20pm early days in a looooooong night at work
wish i was out enjoying the weather ugh. hopefully i can go out a little later. meanwhile my allergies r in full affect amp doin my thesis
lurking done... too tired good knight!!!
just realized my night of movies i wanna watch and a bottle of wine has turned into rubbing alcholo fumes and endless harry potter
have to wait two weeks for my cord thankfully i had a great experience with apple support. thanks, ladies!
its morning. way too early. way too little sleep. really dragging myself to the gym, and i dont have my mp3 player. this is gonna suck.
my crazy mom tells me that people with type o blood should not eat carbs.....fuck i love carbs ....chinese myth or fact??
im having some trouble partitioning my external hard drive, i cant get it the way i want it..
how you doing tonight? figured you were at the blazers game. at least you have a team to cheer on.
chiefdelphi is down
at this rate im never gonna finish all of my papers
just got home from attempting to go to the club. chelsee passed out before we go in. so we left, no club. got ready for nothing.
im fine if things are busy, just gets hard at quieter times
listening to music, someone keeps deleting my fav songs
have installed the much talked about tweetdeck... my hubby does most of the geek stuff in our house so am a little bemused
about the time we can make the ends meet, somebody move the ends.
its about to be a loooong day
back accchhhe super bad! not the film superbad, its aching superly bad s ok really bad ive confused myself.
going to starbucks!! then school first period is french. zut! je na pas fait mes devoirs francais.
wer u sad also?
trying to eat some pasta..but not doing very well
sorry your day was a waste, hope you found some good bits in it and yay you are homeward bound.
22 against a team we outshot 255
i stayed up last night cause i didnt want to see today, it didnt work
in my country ppl actually think its a good idea to make political advertisement using a batman logo
is sad that they killed kutner on house.
detroit pistons quotroad kill for cleveland,quot and they know it. via
rob pattinson deleted his twitter
wait, what? sick?
oh, thats not cool.
hmmm thinking about a movie night. by myself? so boring
sad cause of some people
not sure ill grab book 3 her writing style is kinda simple... not much happens
oh, you can say what you want, but phds in linguistics disagree! youre making the language sadder for everyone.
essay time....
i do know what ure talkin about hon!!! i miss u, cant wait 2 talk 2 on msn.. dont lemme wait too long!!c ya mindreader
morning people. away to get some breakfast and then sort myself out and then must start on hwm no lazing about today xx
never mind you missed the joke about the skank madonna falling off horse.
why so harsh?
i cant believe i am bored already
the new eminem single, quotwe made youquot its got zero plays on aftermaths myspace, i wanna hear it soo bad
hello tuesday, hope your better than i think. wont tweet for a few hours later
disappointed he missed the new star trek last night.
my tummy is feeling weird
seattle is in tents! i miss my t.o. peepz tho
not feeling too good today
my feet hurt so bad. i wore heels when i went to see anne franks diary and i havent worn heels in years holy shit. im exhausted.
is feeling pretty yucky! got this coldflu thing going around boo
where did you find that quote... no, donï½t answer, better sleep! xoxo from germany where itï½s already morning
help me forget 8th april amp 13th july!
is tring to get my back to stop hurting
so tempted...
yes, it was easter chocolate im a sucker for a hollow egg, and there was this discount store and ....
the big toe is doing just fine... jeans are in the trash... wait, an excuse to go shopping today!
no electricity today, so no tweets.
no... i lost my phone last night
is loving the sun but is upset she cant make the picnic thurs
getting ready for work
napping? at this point you may need a few of those. gma is gonna come early.
just got back from the emergency room. sad me
ahhh ! so sad flames lost against stupid black hawks.
waiting on my clients to arrive for our 10am showing. nothing is on the radio and i forgot my iphone.
mos amazing food ever! i loved my lunch i am stuffed! best food i had out here since i came to spain! everything else has gotten me sick
cant sleep she wants to dream!!
man...my allergies got me again! can somebody please rub my head??
im still with ya..sitting in the computer chair..no couch since my laptop screen is busted
it very well might be but, its true unfortundately
sorry your day ended up sucking. have one for me.
not gonna get 8 hours sleep. its 1208am
it appears i have been away from the fountain pen network too long... do they delete inactive accts?
is craving for some tantan nabe
remembers she has contaminated well water and has to find new housing. a big, dark, cloud just blocked that sunshine
i know! the poor thing mustve been so scared! all these huge things coming towards it!
ill so i cant go to the cinema!!
going to work now
...my pryers goes out to you and you family and everyone that know your uncle frank
had a lot of trouble sleeping last night. went to bed early and still had to sleep in an extra hour. grr
bed is painfully tempting right now, but if i take a nap ill probably wake up at 4pm
sitting here, pissed off because im working 24 hours on a pretty saturday...... damnit
cant be bothered gwtting dressed x
well.... never mind im to lazy to do that....
being sick really sucks! especailly since this is like the 4th time this winter...ok its spring, but youd never know!
still up... sad i lost followers
is jammin to atl, since they had a secret show in htown and i fucking missed it. fml.
haha wow. sounds interesting. my company actually has myspace blocked so i cant see your link.
ahahaa. your a loser!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
are you saying i drive too slow? just think of all the dont stop the whole way we can play on the drive.
is again in the math lab
why are we all inside on this sunny day
no unfortunately, it seems to be only available in the us. not canada either.
watching buffy sob... is sad...
is about to kill off one of her favourite characters. dawww
locked out of my outlook account for the 3rd time in 3 days
ok i slept for about 12 hours last night and i still am so exhausted that i feel pukey what is going on??
i have homework and chores to do plus school starts monday. fml rip to my wifes gpa
i wanna wear my doc martens out! havent worn them since december.
the maine please out me to sleep! i have tests in the morning!
lol i need too ive actually never been
i hope your little one feels better soon
biking is hard yall
watching marley and me... ugh. it gets sadder everytime.
audi a6, fender gone, insurance claims it was a 3000 damage, and the merc i hit even more
get better soon, dude that sounds absolutely awful.
voc emission controls.. cant wait for fffffffffffffffffffffffffriday.
yo where my money?????? im tired of u being out n not bringn home the bacon! lol......i miss u man
about to leave the park going for fast food i wish we were going to ice cream w cc amp denis instead tho ugh summer or fall till i see him
sorry to hear
i stopped by mayahuel for a quick drink on my way home from work but i missed you
hi twiitters i ammm sooooo tired right no . falling asleep on msn ! i am thinking a less lazy day today p xx
still dont have the confirmation email technically i could give up already
here too
well its pishing here sun looks like it wants to break through hope it dows kids doing my head in !!!!!!
stapler haiku whar a night! woo hoo! yeah! a beautiful night to party! oops, im a stapler...
nom!!!! great. now i want tasty pizza and im onboard a plane where no tasty anything is served
sleepy again....
amp every1 else sorry i couldnt reply. battery ran out. but yeah i was happy shogun won but silva could of finished leites!
love the snow being canadian and all but its april, should be nice outside now.. not snowing!
off to do the wash, then home to nap, slept for crap, feel like shit
i wanna go back to sleep
sadbean.com
ur going 2 sleep now?
yes, i hope these shocks are going to stop soon i think im getting angry with earth itself
is laying bloody slabs in the front garden, and i thought i could spend the weekend potting
has hit the biggest writers block.
its happens everytime i try and ichat some1
nowt to watch lol
hates replaying that night in my head!!!! cant i just be happy now...? i love you little brother... lt3lt3lt3
has a serious procrastination problem...
is sh working for you? for me, it says that the website is down?
didnt hear from my hunn today
i found the kevin g rap! totally going to memorize this for miss felice and gangsta and spirit boys still wishing for that toga party
im sorry honey i had trouble sleeping last night too. i blame the bears.
love this simon degroot pity i dont have 3500 for this painting
how pathetic am i? listening to quotwouldnt it be nicequot by the beach boys and crying. i hate my life today
i hate shopping
people in bkt gantang chosed a penderhaka...congratulation!!but maybe that his rezki..
im very upset, coz my brother just got kicked out of work n i really dont know what to say to him...
im so excited!!! wish i had a pet...
my phone finally died...i cant originate any calls or texts
im so upset with this phone i hope it isnt broken for good. stupid tmobile.
anyone else having issues with the latest tweetdeck patch. im having trouble with profiles and links keeps crashing
april 9th isnt coming soon enough
taking angus for a checkup today. i always quietly dread it but this time hes poorly so i know the lung function tests will be crap.
booo ee you suck! why daniella, dont bring sam back at all if it has to be her! not happy
home. bored. last day of vaca tomorrow. drinking rally. text mehhhh
im very tired, heading to the bed now. alone...
wondering why i cant seem to burn the ubuntu image on a cd properly. now trying different burning software. all hashes checked out
no jonas adventures now im actually in this competition in my school if u win u get 2grand so i can go to a jb concert!
i like being reminded of how lame i am. keeps me humble. is it too early to start drinking? im asking for this sadface gt
i hope we wont be like them in a distant future
at shell gas station. lunch break. tired.
you spread the sickness! stop looking at me when i cough!
got to do spanish revision today
has just discovered the downside of going away for the weekend the food shopping still needs done
btw...loved your baseball post...this is definitely best time of year...was disappointed red sox opener was rained out...
mah head hurts...advil not helping amp off to work i go...today is not gonna be fun
i havent been home since xmas break. lm a lil homesick faith.hope.love
ii feel all of the past models on the show shud be upset cuz these females are popped sorry but blame tyra
k ... as hot as u all r ... this just jump started a vomit ...sorry
on my way to sales training, really dont wanna i want learn, but im afraid i have to
this request show is pointless. you have like a million people requesting the jonas brothers but you still havent played them
is at the dentist and ive gotta get a tooth extracted damn you pepsi, coffee, and candy...
back from urgent care. daughter broke her finger yesterday at softball practice. we thought it was just jammed . . .
i swear if didnt matter id move out today! so fed up i might had to just have no cable andor food til i get a job...real talk!
im sick face too
mommy... is school closed today?
university coursework
power to levitate?.... still negative.
i know!!!!!! why not taub instead?!? not kutner
automated offiste backups for that sort of thing happy no more drunken deletefest ruining your life. dont ask how i know.
roasted peeps! why didnt i think of that?! aww, man. i haz no more peeps.
my granny has fallen and broke her arm!!!!
nawww fly me to london? australia is boring
at mobap doing homework.
no body ever replys to me
omg im so sorry for fobs concert..omg im really sad.
andisweetheartjust read ur twitteri have a huge hug for you guys and ur in my thoughts and prayerslove you and im so sorry!
watching ice princess on abc family. im boooored but im going to inamp out soon! yaaaaaay
okay bbs lt3 does anyone know where i can get info on how night clubs in l.a. cost? i wanna rent one out next year please ill invite yall
laying in bed just got home from seeing monsters vs aliens. theres a beautiful boy in my living room but his biatch of a gf is here ugh
i dreamt that i was failing one of my classes. it was not fun
our memberships had expired and to renew them we have to do a new induction which cant happen til next tuesday
so today some girl walked into the bean and i totally thought it was you and i yelled quotmiiiiisssccchhhhhhhquot fucking loud
ok, you won...i will go to my bed you made me cry now, bye
dammit, episode 3 of kings wont play for some reason stopped in the middle now wont do anything
no im poor. i am not an rn yet so i still have mobi!!! lol!!!
ugh i wish! zach has a speech to do monday morning
finished the last of my easter eggs. now im eggless
bad news was dad has cancer and is dying good news new business started and i am now a life coach practising holistic weight management
having delay to 1500
clean me!
is stucked in paris and cant even travel into france for work
oh no, it looks like its going to rain, and i have neither a jacket nor an umbrella with me. rain right through easter, too
yup.
i desperatly wanna get my license
i havent followed my followers yet cuz this goddamn mobileweb wont let me see my followers list
lots of imitations too!
finished marking cant celebrate yet tho, got to communicate marks amp feedback to all those online students, rest of the night gone there
hi mate, i am actually in the land of the unwell but i hope you get a big send off!
thinking of the fun we missed last weekend but had to work
car broke down
for it to be blocked? got one of those already
i was getting like 10 followers a day on old username, now its 1 a day if im lucky i cant find anyone with my interests gt.lt
sunny day, and everything goes quiet in twitterland. unfortunately some of us still have mountains of work to do. no sun for me
heading to get some shuteye...i need it
ughh... the only thing i hate about springsummer is the grass grows and i have to cut it
you know whats depressing? arriving at the airport and having nobody to greet you in other news, dublin is sunny today....
the only negative about my new panera office? the elevator music...snore. kind of annoying actually. forgot headphones
dont want to do homework. dont really want to do anything else either. dont want to sleep either! ...i want to cuddle
up early to get an oil change for my car and do a couple of errands before heading for las vegas.. so tired
my best friend amy is coming round today to ive got to clean the house and ive got to find my amp cable
some bird keeps waking me up right now. i wish it would shut up.
enjoyed this is project last night, mixer later tonight...then studying for finals tomorrow.
im sick and taking a nap
lots of love for jake! i call this my pre quotdont leavequot tactic.. lol
today was completely shot but saw my best friend for a few. tomorrow really busy with friends amp mom. no homework done. worked tonight
i think i want to read some books but the library doesnt have them
has nothing to contribute to a discussion of angels and airwaves vs blink 182
day 2 wo my iphone is not goin so good
...hurts but u just gotta keep on goin or crawl under the duvet and hide
seems tony is away in sheffield
got nothing to do on sunday
omg. comments just arrived in the mail. kill me now. i need to get grades up! no more fb.
i know and others shouldnt even be mentioned on that paper. in any case, its unbelievable to read that stuff.
sweetheart, hes from russia... i think youre stuck with the snow.
really need to do something. watched one to many hannah montannas
1 week without client projects should start my own projects... but what
off to work. ill be back to play by the time most of you will be gone to bed
drat! im going to miss it please keep me in the loop for the next one!
i am in tx ...missing thunder home
workin, again
change of plans, we ordered macs instead. time to hit the books!
actually i sold it years ago maybe thatquots why!
is at home with a poorly foot
even with the best intentions im late for work again
maybe vet today depending in how long its been... no poop isnt good
im very bored right now
has neglected twitter of late im sorry twitter snifs
sadly no boarding today, picked up a bug from somewhere
hey... on your side bar under quotweb addressquot over theregt your web address is a bad blog page
is up at 8 in the morning..enough said..
cleaning house...yay....missing tommy
yeah, but i can be glad to have work. here and there im looking for job offers, but there are no good ones
but of course, the document with the important tables in it isnt published on the internet
okay. goodnight twitterverse. i have to get up early tomorrow for work.
you won coz i created quotavenuesquot for you! and yeah, i made the mistake of choosing tango over zone
hmm... its getn easier 2 go thru my day without tripn off u so much. easy breezy is beautiful! haha. man, but i sure do miss him
is it just me or are the two guys on that series quotdeparturesquot kind of dicks? dicks who get to travel the globe and see interesting places
mine is 110 how do you get it up?
i wish any closer with saving for yours?
back at work john muir dr
psh i burned my eye with shampoo real bad. it reminded me of ur sunburn
my flist needs to stop talking about digimon because now i want to watch it again. and i dont have the time.
going to bed and hoping my nerves will let me rest. i hate knowing my backyard is wide open
is in have work bright and early 2mra
is not a happy camper.
ands its curious how watching the news can bring you down
how i mss the snippet hun?..wts it of may i ask?..i wanna hear
girl, dont wanna think about a cruise with all this water around me, lol... under flood warning...
had to say goodbye to her today
thanks! ive been here all day but neglecting my twitter
remember messing with accessibility options out of curiosity? that autochecked quotsilently fail future background changes.quot
i got to my store early thought it opened at 9, but it opened at 10. was going to grab a few for friends, but 1 person limit.
alfhdjkghvsfdghvifduhbgvkjsdfhglsfdkghvfjlkdsghsdflkgh today sucks!
ooh, i see. imma go finish that book now... bye
im lonely keep me company! 22 female, virginia beach virginia
arm hurts my brother pinched me gt
takin a nap. if u have my number dont hit me until later!!! im sleeeeeepy with a serious headache
im freaking out about zachy going to the dentist i wish he didnt have to go thru this. id like to go outside but house is trashed.
when am i ever going to need to know half the stuff in the risk notes? still not finished the essays either
when i finally decide to buy the oyin burnt sugar pomade, its out of stock at curlmart. wth!
i want my haaair to grow back.
nothing.. net wasnt working from last 3 days.. so couldnt come online
sundays toast so ff to bed b4 another week in the boredroom.........
feels a bit rough today soooo cant wait for this long weekend
eff boyonkey she is the worst tranny ever!
completely wiped and reloaded the 8900.... lost all bbm contacts going to bed sad.
dunno how u can keepup w2 accts. i could not. good luck wthat!! if i followed, id get randy 2, but its bad for biz.
i dont want to leave london if i can hide somewhere on the tube i will
i really want a puppy
timchou a.k.a. quottimberquot ...my mom ran 13.1 miles...without me!!!
good morning world, couldnt sleep tonight copenhagen doesnt want to leave my head...
not looking forward to my frat lsat class today
it finally sunk in.
still no better then hun? drink loads of fresh juice.. try and get smoothies, thatll help!! speak later, kisses xx
sway sway tour in julyyyyy! exitedd muchh follow me pleaseeee? i need more followerss
i never got anything about what time i texted you and got ahold of you on here...or at least tried..
yeah, i know... but ive also been put on a quotmake this guy sufferquot list my google. my web access is also painfully slow
i wanna see michael jackson live! too bad i dont have enough money to go to england!
the cheap atp tickets sold out before i had a chance to get rich...
still feeling almost entirely overwhelmed by an uncomfortable desire for swift and violent revenge
everyone is enjoying the nice day outside i hope my day gets better
i totally forgot we were going to do fisheye 2night what u doing thursday.... btw.... im so late with the hills... lol
sure just tell yourself that to make yourself feels better about being soo mean
mr. foget, read this, i miss yoooou
im sooo sad!!! they killed off kutner on house whyyyyyyyy
u shouldn let haters effect u since u cant get rid if them. but if deletin it is the best then sorry to see u go
nice. tell deana im sorry i didnt call her.
lol, i figured as much...but you never know. we dont talk anymore, maybe you became easily offended...
its great ! 3 days of london, 2 and a bit hours up, nearly 5 hours home again
back from italy, suffering the consequences of coming back to cold weather again
wishes his vacation started today
oh no...oh no...oh no.... fake cm to check on him was a bad idea...now im panicking over a response
gig tonight, dreading tomorrow
hey everyone... have a good weekend... its a dull grey day here.
i cant concentrate
going to work
woke up with a sore back
is there anywhere else to watch my first time driving not on logo? it wont play in canada because of copyright issues
delays amp circling houston for 1 12 hrs and i didnt make it met some others here at the marriott who missed too. have fun!
gots to go now twitters, have an mri scan at 5.30pm i hate mris.
... wondering what a pma is
ty 4 the suggestion, but i cant be around cooking food im allergic to pork products amp just the smell can make me sick.
mary just left gotta move out of fierces tonight and into grahams. then prolly bed time
yes, i dont know why.
ur kidding me .. try signin on on the web i shud i open my skype n we chat there .. wudnt mind tlkin to u now .. realli
will do! she wants to come to star trek with us, but wont be here and she drinks earl gray tea and i laughed at her haha
omg wtf!!!
cant seem to shake the blues away
no. im sooooooo sad just watching week b4 lasts american chopper. i like jr. i think sr has some serious fucking issues
so what, all the new canon slrs record video now?? new rebel t1i comes out in may 12,800 iso, video, 15.5 mpx.... sigh
gooooodnight last competition tomorrow, so tired.
my parents are drunk... fml text me, yeah?
listening to the mediaevil baebes cant find albums anywhere though
hates having spots
haha you better watch those two. they might actually kill each other.
ocram twittea la sentencia, estoy en clases
i hate when childish petty feelings come before the welfare of the child
hates when her dryer doesnt start and she doesnt find out until midnight
up and at em helping petra move house today lots of back breaking lifting
for some crazy reason blogger is not saving my work and its driving me crazy. ill have to resort to somewhere else to save it for now
at least not from mine to yours. im sorry love.
up having my brazilian starbucks blend...missouri is still too far away.
sorry. no twachos for of today.
awh... boo im sorry
wants to go out badly
uhh yeah... u better find out!!! that would be way awesome!!! for u... i am not a wow fan
im fighting a losing battle with a broken heart.
good night, i taught oleg and terr the hoedown throwdown, hahah, my first two students! babieslt3. work tomorrow morning
. ull get ur win soon enuf. ive believed n mark amp he got it. now i believe in you. ull get it. 2bad michael waltrip wont.
f1 i concur with the boos on sc start. its not as though there will be any field spread to make it any safer in a few laps just race.
its rainining a lot what about you?
dude i cant go back to sleep
because there is no one flashing their knickers amp no one buffing it up the car with boobs whilst im cleaning mine
yeah, tell me about it
just wait till you have to unpack.
creepin me out dude. may have to cancel my trip to sydney now..... lol
upset. not ceeing short stack or the bride today
rakecompiler seems to be conflict with passenger
just what am i supposed to think?
so does not want to work today
being hungover after being drunk isnt fun
waiting at the genius bar... i hope theres still hope for my baby computer
is off to work
ive got an early copy but it refuses to install on my macbook
init .. im guessin tinchy gona be there if us are. have u recovered yet? ur voice sound pretty nasty on radio one sunday x
kim that is a bad sunburn i have had that kind of sunburn need to put a lot of lotion, looks painful
ohh ! haha i just re read what your twit said, i thought you said you were hungy, naw he broke his spine
i knocked out last night as if i got hit by a bus. super bummed i ddnt see .
4 am insomnia is a bitch
through the looking glass. charlie pace
im ill....i dont like that
has nothing to do
just finished the last episode of bsg.
sigh nothing to tweet about
had a fun day with highschool buddies. but came home to find one goldfish had died. and i dont know what it died of!
back from saintsaens concert. glad we came. excellent performance by the dallas symphony! cattlemens tomorrow no king tut tickets.
i think you might be thinking tagalongs which you cant have cause they have chocolate.
evil!! i have a prawn salad
pls pls photos! iï½m not gonna sign up to facebook just to see photos. put them on flickr or something!
went to this morning to get a latte and it was ice cold booooo, i had to heat in the microwave..blah.
feels sorry for , his album got leaked
saw kate in town she has quot0 off facials i want o go but i doubt ill be able to
930pm! so i asked my teacher if i had to speak about my project and she said noo! i am so happy. i might have spewed up!
what was going on with you guys over the weekend shak??? was not happy, my cd collection is outdated!!
disappointed with survivor. god.
why is there a crying bumblee in transformers 2? do not want
. im sorry
wish i could welcome the spartans back to el, but i am stuck in class msu
i had tickets an everything. improv nationals ended up being the same week though i think they are still on ebay, didnt sell
still sitting on the couch. havent started washin my hair. too tired to move.
shakeys was so much fun but like always good times come to an end
chienming wang is getting shelled again. i think i should stop watching the yankees.
yawn time to get ready for school
yawwnn....were paiting....i spilled yellow paint on the carpetsorry dad!
im very sorry for your loss. losing pets is really hard
staying home on saturday night!
has now gotten somebody to read his tweets, but cant get them to make an account.
lol im so bored! i only have ten more days till my cell cant text no more!
at the airport... its soooo cold and the walk is soooo long.
shut down by the cops!
advertising and marketing research tomorrow hope i know stuff quot
working in toledo..
dude it snowed here today...cant imagine the weather in hawaii right now
i feel like writing on tumblr but i dont have a laptop
oh no its all gone to shit
havent twittered for days! cat was sick and to the vet, now my four year old is sick with a bronchial infection and fever
me too
oh no! i would so not know how to function without it. i would send you a cup from california, but it would get cold
god damn...these hurt ribs are seriously cramping my exercise style.
thought this being a 4day week would make tuesday more bearable. i was wrong
i am here romeo! but in italy
cu?i cï½ng cï½i scim ?ï½ xong, nguyï½n nhï½n scim khï½ng ch?y lï½ ch?a complete remove skim
i just did 10 chinups. i dont know if i can do another set
u bbmd me? my bb has been showin its ass all day. smdh... time for an upgrade.
i start moving at 10 in the morning and im not ready. waterbed wont drain and so far i only have one person to help me tomorrow
well if you told me you wanted to go i had an extra ticket for sunday you missed out it was hella fun.
you and i will both be retired by the time this is all done mate..
i guess my internal clock is phucked
going to have a lovely day at court pleaseee go easy on me judge! im just a sacred little gay boy
ooops.. i had a bug but i fixed it.. try that tiny url again..
your a busy busy man, it all go! missed u on tm again today x
i liked the blonde. i kept catching her looking at me. too bad they had to leave. lol.
i had to reschedule bc a throat infection kept me home yesterday
are you excited about iron man 2? following for onset updates! no pics allowed though
i wish it was still sat
going to gulf shores. but not for fun. for work
like ohhh crap. 13 more days of high school. i miss you losers already lt3. i so do not wanna move
nevermind being a life guard. i dont have 130 dollars for the classes
well twiter dont work with o2!! just with vodaphone
im glad she got there safe! miss her already
no travoradio this morning. blipfm is down.
cant sleep. ugh. if this is going to be a trend i.ll need to find something to do with my wakeful night hours. read? learn a language?
lol yea follow me though i need more followers lol
i believe im being attacked by allergies. i sneezed twice while outside this morning. my nose got runny...and my eyes are itchy.
im lonely keep me company! 22 female, amarillo texas
hi ahmad. thanks for this...but flckrs blocked in uae... ... no words... s
i feel sick too much icecream
not more football enough already!
please dont go and hurt yourself.
ummm...really??? but i wasnt there
lol mean head ache and tired from the bootcamp earlier... but cant sleep
sitting in a morning class and crashing fast i hate it
came back from running and took a shower...why does my lower stomach still hurt after exercising?
i feel bad.. im like passing out on the phone but im so tired. i love you twitter bugs! goodnight textcall me lt3
justins cat just pissed on my tempurpedic pillow!
oooh i like the make up i wish i was going to a party
is soooooo itchyy
in breck... its still dumping! tomorrows the last day for parklane 09 partytime in town tonight!
a ellie sounds so sick, poor thing
rethinking my goals after reading this review on the canon 50d, i really need help with this
so scared!!!! im making my frist sales calls
urgh. my head hurts. think ive had about 7 hours sleep, but the cat was miaowing... no rest for the wicked!
gosh it is raining in summer cause of the global warming?
im gonna lay down and count my breaths until i fall asleep....wooo lol....its cuddle day today...i need someone to cuddle with
nope. nothing.
i went to bed at like 9pm last night. or well, passed off on my sofa
watching hudds vs rhinos, on sofa with busted hip
silverstein stuff still isnt here lame. i dont like our postman, hes a knob
anyone still play neopets? im quotbrunhildequot on there, keep me company, savvy? laid up in bed today with flu fb
back from university. happy about the weather. the only good thing today
rode so much today, i got blisters on my palms. need better gloves.
ok so i am going to try to go to bed.. have to be up at 830 for work
its gonna be a horrible sunday i think,i hate to to think
another early morning nite everyone
had a flu shot at work, now my arm hurts
totally shocked by the episode of house this eveing lost one of my favorite characters.
did long hours at work home now sleepy time...
ahh shit dude, that sucks.
yo homie!!! whats nyc saying??? gonna miss you this weekend
haha it sucks im going to save everything like every 2 seconds now lol p this is like the 3rd time ive made the same icons
if t woulda got my ticket that rotten mudasucka..
feeling ill again today
trust is hard
i miss joey
wishing i was in skegeelanta r. simone
hungry!
my 4 year old son doesnt like the smiths quotbecause that man sings funnyquot
it was great! the zoo didnt end up happening though how was your night of library?
writing my report for uni!
inconsistent method signatures make me sad
ugh im so tired dont feel like goin to scool!
today i met a week of dog died.... ...i miss you
is beat from a looongg day and thinks he might have accidentally helped a friend by crack
i promised myself id have a proper look at 960.gs havent got round to it yet
checking out at 10pm gotta be at the airport by 11pm, then sit at the airport for 3hours yeeiii ...not really happy bout that
feels like my head is going to explode! i dont want the flu
about to start a maths paper
im sorry. well i couldnt wait....ooommmmggg it was so good. i promise well go together when you get home.
first time ever that gmail chat craps out on me
enjoying the weekend. gotta get up and clean house soon
oi git you still asleep?! i need a snooze on the sofa
is way too illin to go out this day perhaps someone could send me well wishes?
yes, i was invited but will be in san francisco. very sorry to miss it
if ever there was a day for staying in bed, today is it
yer so does hgistory i have to a presetnation
i am just too consumed in doing nothing that i feel im doing everything.. im too lost in those twisted paths that i made myself..
had a really, really strange dream. want to call m but im too proud. if dreams mean anything, he doesnt seem so well and im worried.
i dont think ill make the tea party tomorrow. j. doesnt get home til 530, then i have to go to team kideaster service.
rain hope it stops soon
back to the work again this morning fun times
looking a little like a lobster again
the microsoft office 2008 sp1 update is taking forever to install on my mac... and i cant abort it
i has so many things to do
is super spoiled....
really?
i miss the nice weather already
ate more chicken nuggets on the way, though no chips this time traditional swiss easter cakes for pudding, yum. much fun was had by all
11 final.
... battery is going lower and lower .... not much juice left ... 22 min remaining
is asking for forgivness, and feels distant from his father. im sorry.
gonna go read out in the sun for a bit then work at 430
want to see p!nk again
it hurts to smile
pray for collin, he just had a stroke. i hope hes gonna be okay.
fuuuck. my heaaaad
hmm, so the sun shining brightly thru my curtains lit up my room n woke me up cnt sleep nw, 10 is way too early to wake up!
i dont think i can cause its my cousins birthday party
the thing that sucks the most is that you were the one i was most excited for, even before i knew who the final team would be.
i was just asked to be an abercrombie model
see you next time!
i wanted to say goodbye to you before i left but i cant, i cant, i cant do it i wish wed stayed friends
booooooo snow!!!!!
early morning meetings
i tried to get off work so i could buy bread and milk since it was snowing but my boss wont let me
quot s lady just left to go back to israel for 3 months quot your loss is our gain. wishing her safe travels.
apparently im a bat and apparently chris doesnt need me!!!
gahh im at my brothers game
thanks boo!!! but today, i have on a flannelplaid shirt and got in trouble boo wish you would of joined in area ox
a a kitty! right outside the gym. its so cute! i think its a stray.
just found out my grandpa has terminal cancer
so far i have 311 on all my sites put together, most of them were me checking out the updates i made......
oh no! with everything that happened today, i forgot we were going dress shopping for the opera tomorrow.
was going to head to meet wilco...was going to go to orange and white game...i hear that neither is going to happen for me
12 hours on doing 3 of my assessments which is due tomorrow
re fear and loathing in zhuhai page not found
i dont understand. i didnt mean to break anyones heart.
preparing presentation for wednesdays quotsocial networkingquot conference in rotterdam where is the structure??
how come you never reply to me?
wishes her fiance wasnt so sick feel better matty
its the holidays and i still bloody insist on waking up at school times
is sitting in computer apps
mang i would come visit but just got ur tweet and im back at carrick
owww i cut my lip it was my top lip.. thats gonna make it hard to eat dinner
needs his hug
watched cannibal holocaust last night and had screwed up dreams. that is not a movie for the squeamish. they kill a real turtle
it got cancelled?! knew it had some probs with the strike, but never heard cancellation. it was a good, well done show.
i cant do it till i get home workin right now and ubertwitter drained my battery to fast waiting on that update too
i hate when that happens!
death is peaceful, life however, bites
this whole tweeting under my real name thing is sorta scary. so much need for selfcensorship
just realized she doesnt have a copy of the novel for empire tomorrow
struggling with eam law
got there as was leaving and after left dinner ran late
bed... lots to do tomorrow...and still not feeling 100 percent! and back to work on monday!!!!!!
checking my dogs anal galds they are full
i dunno what to do
just realised how gutted she is to return back to london without the end
ugh its so hot gross...
just picked up some oats from the market to eat for breakfast with my boy now time to do work at usc... late night
awww o.o oohje can i help you?? xdd
we just drove all day. my neck hurts. . . whats new people?
oh poor puppy whats wrong with him
im heading to cornwall.
the honies let me sleep in til 8 today! i love spring break...too bad its freezing
my condolences to natasha richardsons family
just made an appt. for my lil one today. hes got an ear infection
recording demos with in garageband!!! soon will be sending powerbook off for repairs
great day today.. what a stupid peeping tom.. haha last day of freedom tomorrow..
ugh just woke up with a headache... this should be interesting... bad dreams stacia
homework. because i have nothing better to do
im scared to go outside....its cold today. too bad i already put away all my winter clothes
and it took me my entire walk to the train station to undo it
need to do some work.
i finally wrote and uploaded. ima attempt to go to bed, i have to be out of the house by 630 tomorrow
hey girly! i just left sunset i wish i got these updates to my phone..but lets hangout one of these days!!!
mehhhhhh...fed up! might just trot off to bed... night
why kutner? i mean i knew something was going to happen to someone but it was so sad. i lt3 house and it was well done, but im still sad
hooray for the ever so reliable signalflare server
had fun riding horses. kinda lonely now though
ive always wanted to skateboard haha would yuh like to teach meh? lmfao
i wish i had money for record store day. eff losing it all in vegas.
im lonely keep me company! 22 female, california
went to the doctors today and my blood sugar level was 178.
is sick and tired glee tomorrow and idk how i feel about that.
awh...thats kinda sad lol add me?? hello.kitty.65.com
the ability to write scripts to integrate with twitter is one advantage, but really it just shows how much of a geek i am
i would imagine it would have to be a high speed handpiece and a diamond or carbide bur. we dont have high speeds at our ofc or id try
listened to missed part where leo talks oh well
today is totally a death day
im sick today, you cybersent me it haha.
remember the good old days when the quotasquot were 1, missing those days
watchin channel aka and doin horrible work
rain, rain, go away...
almost 1 am, still not asleep yet although i have to wake up at 6 tmr
, ive been waking up at 6a everyday and its been amazing! except next week i have to start waking up at 4a
any progress on the site sale, seen its not been updated in a while
i want my money from kevo to hurry up
how do i twitter from my cell phone...???? i am new !!!!!!! do i go to internet ??? help !!!!!!!!! thanks
got to take kitty back to the vet this afternoon she is in the garden looking worried amp grumpy. i wont murder u honey!!! xxx
literary agents killing literature,i should stop writing, crawl up my own bum, keep my words to my lit l33t friends
i hate to say it....but lebron is a beast!!! i got my money on the cavs for that series...im disappointed about my celts though
is still effinggggg sick when will i get better?! ughh
iï½m k.od .. battered and bruised! ... my arm .. the tambourine.., self conflicted pain!
in france, today its raining
why at the airport if your not going anywhere?
omg steak on the side is better than rare steak. grr. they close at 10pm here, we aint in la.
im afraid i had bad code.
o i wish the frogs werent becoming extinct
i miss cristï½bal, renata, alysson, lucas, mohamed.. oh, i wish i could see my friends and my almostnotboyfriend everyday
flight of the conchords album has vanished from spotify what gives ?
downloading twitterberry, browsing the web, checking email. my server was down all morning
i havent eaten breakfast yet.
just read r42s amazing blog. so tired dont want to go to school tomorrow either. hmmph
forgot about surry hills fest but managed to go to the ever exciting quotholroyd festquot in merrylands wooooo! does merrylands gang sign
quotflight of the conchordsquot suddenly disappeared from spotify
gah im tired last night got me like this but it was a great night though xd
need to arrange my car insurance
will have to pop into the newsagent on the way to work now, dont want to go in wanna stay home and look after my little man
wish i could come
are you still down for horton today? or are you gonna ditch me to do something else bc you know you would. haha, jkjk!
says im not cool.
im fixing up myspace amp facebook where is youu?
where do we go?? i know atl doesnt have first fridays!! and we gotta get magic city the next trip..we leave sunday
ugh i have to go to work.
coool the cousins just moved out and i have been cleaning my house since 1100am all done so came to say hi
heh heh. you know, blip is hard. you cant find songs just like that . you have to fishem outta others lists.
y!watching a ovie and horny
more boxes sorted. i am v v v tired now dont know whats for dinner either!
there are ants crawling around in my room.
wish i could have gone to phoenix this weekend for pure fashion and to meet a fellow twitter friend but i guess it was not meant to be
i really need coffee and im out of flavored creamer! i seriously cant stand plain coffee!
too tireddd.
good god accounting is boring!! btw tried the mac prep amp prime refined zone thing today amp im not mad for it! try again tomorrow!!
is watching the hill . . .and its making me sad
sittin revisin... on a sunday the party animal is officially dead
lol! not 21! tried to do the quotoops forgot my idquot didnt stick!
trouble is im still with them
youtube wont let me change my damn icon!
i wish i had someone to talk to. im so upset. no one likes me anyway
ive been here
i want the cookies . . .
working out my relationship issues with kaze. it doesnt seem very promising yet.
have gloucester actually turned up or if this a pub team?
i wanna scoot
tummy ache
im much more of a reader than writer... like an even less manly version of the saying quotim a lover, not a fighter!quot
watched the doctor who easter special this morning. loved it, but not looking forward to tennants departure. and yes, ms. ryan hot!
stuck at work on this gorgeous day
i have only been working for three and a half hours, but it feels like forever!
and 85 of statistics are made up on the spot, too. for some real examples
will be going to dentist later in the day for braces checkup
was at school before 700 this mornin
awww poor wee callum isnt well gotta feel sorry for my wee baby, hes away back to bed crying that hes not well
so many new followers from followfriday! welcome everyone! usually i send a message to each, but was on deadline yesterday.
unfortunately just a week and nooo we couldnt make it to the concert!
ill miss him too, bb the episode seemed unimportant after foreteen found kutner, so i stopped watching.
sitting in the sun. it feels good, but in a wk ill have to sit in the shade
bad day!!!!!!!!!!!!
lt likes to go out on this beautiful sunny day, and drive his cbr but got work to do
my headache isnt going away and i want pancaakkesss
i have pic of bucket kitty!! but, ill probably post it tomorrow now. means having to find cables and connections...
damn! i love my nigga. but how can i tell him his girl looks like the shit out my hamsters ass?? its not even a joke
going to work
has had a loong and tiring day... but waiting for seb
in which episode did house and cuddy hook up?? apo meetings this is all your fault
yeah im in my 8am, but my computer is about to die
having some teaand hoping this cold will go away soon
hahahaha thats effin awesome! dude i talked to this girl who has a friend thats met chris and she said he was rude
yeah it said your page didnt exist, now its got that. hacked?
wheres my heat and grazia subscriptions? hes probably delivered them next door
oh god no how are you doing now?
being a grown up is horrid, isnt it
i have headache
i hate that the queensboro bridge is under construction i have to be up for work again in less that 6 hrs wtf
my throat hurts. i think i have a cold
getting ready to clean the house from top to bottom
the brides father just gave me amp my phone an evilunfollow look have to hide phone for few minutes after this update
loved 17 again!! but is not loving all the stuff she has to do this week...
oh wonderful. i finally get fractor to start up properly google desktop no, apparently and now the mouse wheel is dirty.
ok. found him. sorry, not hot. jk is still as hot as lava! that dude isnt getting into my lust list. damn why did he win?
i didnt get your twitter is crap reply
why is it that someday you look nearly good and the next day you look totally fucked up? today is the next day
yeah i couldnt answer your call at work this arvo babe my breaks are usually at 1ish so call then haha i need credit sooo bad
oh boy. i get to got to the field tomorrow. small planes are no fun.
i miss mine too!
i miss you gurl!
oh my god !!he looks like one of the men i saw yesterday in the film quotknowingquot !!! that means ...
should have done soo much school work today, but i dident
might have to consider removing it from the studio mac pro tommorow sniff
crowes personality and ego are the real heinous bloaty parts wonder if quaids a nice guy?
this is amazing. but i can only get 41 words per minute
looking at it, i seem to be getting a completely different config.. finding shared hosting hard not having control
at home, listening to jeezy...got the munchies
so happy at home. watching the 3rd xmen wryan and champagne. lt3 lexie didnt want to watch the last one.
im starting to agree. ive got a bad headache. youre up late.
its hard, march and april are the toughest times in school with finals and all, but yet it has march madness and nba playoffs
too nice to work
exhausted...long but happy day. lot of home work. and tomorrows sunday. last. day. of. spring. break.
wow, me too!
i found this english subbed ss501 playlist on youtube and have decided i will watch that today. i really love them so pretty
awww i soo wish i was there to see you finally comfortable! im sad that i missed it
sheesh such harsh words
feels really ill
goodmorning everyone.. jeeej my granny is coming from surinam after 5 months.. missed her
...aaaand there goes that great day rip mrs wever
got to finish this work... exam stuff...
pretty terrible driving weather to austin.
wish my cats would know that on sunday people has the right to sleep late
so im done editing quotthe phipstapequot. back 2 crack a brew and see what we got............. no trees though
aw.... i would have liked that...
i came up with an ez mode pull for her. we would have been deeper in last night but we had some healer tech issues
omg i am so mad! you were my favorite character ill miss you
r yall gonna h8 me 4 this?
owww i just kneeed myself in the boob crys
anyone else having trouble accessing their replies? when i click on the link on the right, nothing happens. i cant access them
hrm, scanner traffic diminishes greatly when your public services are on strike.
ive just spent 1 hour to enter all the bureaucratic nonsense for march. what a waste of my time
what did mjs tweet say?? anybody?? please? it didnt come to my phone
im having a miley nite!!!!!! no sleeping boo
bummed out my phone stopped working... battery is dead and i forgot to charge it
our kitty sakura got out, cant find her. its all my fault dont know how im going to live with myself i want her home so bad
i have a thing for blue eyes. uh. i wish guys around where i lived looked like that. it is not fairr.
that just totally made my night, lmao. they were like screaming at me and i couldnt focus on the 900 mph song
dang wont be able to get to any workshops run by web directions
ternyata hanya gue yang make twitter ....
hates studying on weekends
that makes me so sad. i feel for you even though i cant reach you. well in my dreams you keep me warm every night.
a itll b ovr by 2moro......damn asot400
immensely!! started playing with new sites as i didnt want to mess up easter one paranoid moi?
no fair! i wanna play, but i have stupid work and three hours of economics
tea is lovely accidentally used two bags. blocking dogs hole involves lots of brambles.
finally home...lecture on saturdays should be banned
just spent 3 hrs in a group project on a 10 q survey. to help out
at least you get tan lines. i usually just burn
its really depressing!!! it teases me, by working fine up until i try to save the people i created. what the hell! ahh!
only a quarter of a percent babe darn
some people are in there own world and dont notice that people want to sleep in on a sunday morning!! i wanted to sleep in
sorry, what did i do that was nuts? dollhouse wasnt on this week so i had to blow up the tv, that part?
wondering why we have snow in the springtime chillin inside 2 day
i didnt tweet today bc i did nothing. and now i sleep. tomorrow last day of break
i love you dondria, even though you never chay with me
its cold
i am a medical student. on the weekends i study
i agree. the shapeshifting is a copout. i was so excited for angelas ep, i thought it was this week. noah was awesome tho!
i hate it when i have to sleep in julians room, small bed nn my feet hang off the edge
just woke up...sick i am hating my life atm...
i have no idea what i should do, its very boring..
i had twitter for a month now and still cant figure it out.
had too much caffeine today...
cant display, quotdoesnt existquot
needs some laughing material... today is going to be long and boring
omj the jonas brothers still are not comming to australia iquotm like thir biggest fan eva lol and i still luv joe the sexiest guy eva lol
omg!!! it was horrible this oral!!!! now, its over but the right oral is in june
forget about what i said about feeling better i think i have pink eye now.
debbugging old vb6 code, the day could have started better . . .
waiting... waiting... waiting... for janis so i can dye her hair
well that sucks
nice seeing you last night doll! i wish it was still everyday
just opened my friendster and i have a lots of pending requests. i dont know who they are.
congratulations!! im glad the job went well for you!! about the no snacking....perhaps you can get some quality snacking in
me would be playing wow but its not possible
ummm. yeah. once again blow a 9 4 lead in the 8th. good times... not. come on fellas... you can do it! angels
im seeing my cousin from canada for the last time today before she goes back sad times,need cheering up
rummicube just started and i havent put anything down
goin to bed , sorry.
stupid arthritis. im too young for this crap.
happy that i stay in last night. sad that i miss ally game this morning.
so bored, i wish today was nicer so i could go outside !
my boyfriend is going out of town for 2 days and believe it or not, im feeling lonely already. holyredhotchilipeppers. i need chocolate
thanks! rehearsals for my show are increasing. no can play
yo,yo.... hope your well, havent seen yall in a minute
i chased a teenager who was scared of me! it was fun! mom made me come in the house. now i have to wear a leash outside
too much champagne last night most expensive hangover in a long time!
this world sucks
im going crazy at work. i want a new job..
s going tomorrow.
i want my psp back.
taking a quiz, amp im cold
i dont want to go to class.
laying in bed with no voice..
facebook is so mean. it kept giving me sister fits when she tried to sign up. hm, maybe i can dm you the url?
yeah its not gonna let me back in.. im still watching though. hopefully i can still go next time.. love you though
i dislike this immensely, i lol at the fact i can spell immensely... thank you lauren haha
writing reports is such a pain in the arse...
getting ready for work, 128
ill have the gameboy colour! mine has been stolen. not that i use it, but still..
well thanks for saying i would rape with style but i think it was just another jibe at my lack of manliness
finaly the test is over......... math test is very very very very very very hard
seems like weve wandered from our nap schedule to day
enjoyed playing golf yesterday in the sun, now reaching for the paracetomol before badminton session
i wonder who is awake at this time in cali? jealous, maybe. determined to finish my project, certainly. the end justifies the means
strider is a sick little puppy
i think my jade plant was hit with blight
sexi boi u so fly wish i could give u a try but my manz home waitin on me by the fone sry cant get my groove on
gnah! inner tube exploded. gotta get a taxi to work or be late.
didnt make it to the airshow we had a few beverages instead.
too little, too late. too bad
tigers should of won yesterday fucking detroit teams
cant wait to go to the new yankee stadium tommmmorow. i misss you alex.
at work. so tired and hot. 2 more hours
ive been good and girl i havent been in the blog scene for almost 3 weeks sooo yeah lol buuuut i will check it out soon!
is exhausted and not feeling well. hope is having fun at movies since he bailed on me
back from cleveland! miss it already listened to lauren sing the whole 3 hour drive back home felt like gayle and oprah on a roadtrip
omg hip still hurts! hopefully it will feel better soon
day one of the ms 150 canceled.
se cerrï½ to
wish someone would buy me an alienware m17x
i wantneed them here too
visiting the invalid in dc
man its really so hard to tell at times whos real and whos not just takes the fun out of twittering sometimes.... ugh...
wishing i was home underneath my covers
last day of vacation. going to the outlet mall. hopefully i wont go overboard on cute girly things!!
lost my bank card... again. thats twice ive replaced in the last 2mos. i nevvver do this, dont knw what the deal is? grrrrr!
yeah, i dont either hopefully if it does, it will be just a fluke and melt right away.
very nice! cannot afford them though, no matter how good the price is
recording ep. 6 of hcg. drews last show
ya the office!.......
i got a new top and im in love with it! and 9o21o monday, cant wait its the day i got back to school tablecoth lady first thing lt3
michigan state you make me sad
yep, i also seem to get a real slowdown most evening after around 6pm gmt
d gizzle gave 3 white roses to only time will tell
off to pick up the dog, doctors note, and back to work
cream for his eye and he may have herpes not ocular herpes, but a different strain. hes doing okay though.
i lost my gold necklace!
my fingers are starting to hurt.
2 episodes away from being caught up...
life just sucks sometimes!
loads of people are going to t4 on the beach, is there anyone who isnt going?!
couldnt stop them flowing
getting ready to leave the studio. probably watch a movie or something. no car tonight
without even realizing it,you taught me a lot of things, but i think you know exactly what your doing to me...exam 7 ugghh
i have these huge xs on my hands
we didnt place and eastlake got 3rd again! they so copied our concepts toolt3
i couldnt walk last night like wth
75 f and beautfiful here in sm....unfortunately stuck inside behind my rig cranking up salesforce
i still dont know who jadakiss is.
just made a service thats wholly depressing. shows everybody im following thats not following back.
i dont know...! i can ping the site, but it wont load at all for me... im trying to contact dreamhost
in two days the fun shall cease.
th? ï½ hjc tr c?ng ch?a rï½ cï½i nï½y l?m
my bruises hurt.
so it snowed last night. not enough to call in for a snow day at work though.
i tried.....and failed
online for like 4 mins, about to go to bedd.
wow, you guys were online, and i left like the best comment ive ever left but then you were offline by the time i posted it.
just got my thumb plastered and now i cant type as fast on my iphone
im sick so im chilling, but not happy.
ug msu got killed last night. oh well unc out played them. i would have won 140 in the work pool if msu had won.
idk they messed it up sob
seems my favorite aunt is on the way out. may need to go back home soon for my moms sake.
nothing im not able to setup twitter on my mobile i sms the code but still it wont give me sms alerts any help ?
school why couldnt i be sick today!
at the wally till 3am. please come rescue me...
wow, tons of replies from you, may have to unfollow so i can see my friends tweets, youre scrolling the feed a lot.
april snow showers bring brown edged tulips. to this i can attest.
poor cameron the hills
oh, guys. just reading your tweets is painful. apparently leonard nimoy was there too.
missed the band
will miss robee when he goes to sipalay
i tried setting up twitter on my phone but failed
just watched taken again! love that movie! going to get a good nights rest busy weekend awaits me.
im going to go inhale some tar and soot into my lungs..im sorry lungs, i wrote you a letter yesterday quitting but forgot to send it
wants her dog back
thought my kitty would like some playtime in the backyard. now he has deep gashhole in his tummy. taking to vet.
o soooo full! and surrounded by dragons fans yay, but i still wish i was at tuggerah
has been watching the film the visitor and is feeling depressed.
getting back into the swing of things at work. wishing i was at home with my girls.
happy birthday love sorry im late i hope u had a great one love ya xoxo
at work looking at our ratings
i lost a follower
im sick someone come and take care of me!
skooool i hope for some reason it is sooo much fun, and like the best. hehe
your article didnt cure my insomnia thanks for an interesting read tho and im not even a web developer
give adriane my love, im not feeling to well or id call your phone and sing happy bday
still in germany!
angel is missing her brother!
oorrrrr you can put it on the charger? lol jk! tinytwitter does take a lot of battery juice tho
has got an upset stomach
wah. hate sewing, hate my machine.
is sad that jules is sick that means we cant see 17 again
ive had a well unproductive morning!
right off to spend quality time with the kids as working over easter...boooo
missing my boo
yea the time gods can be cruel bastards sometimes
got my nails done..y did electric pink turn into electric peach?! e
tweets are quite boring tonight and no1s speaking to me online odears!
ill pay for your ticket, and you can pay me back. i dont wanna go alone
work in the am
i dont get statistics! its all a bunch of mumbo jumbo for me.
soooo tired after last nites madness. trying to find the motivation from somewhere to do some teeline shorthand practice! not fun!
hellohhhh whatï½s up with mariahdaily.......
being both a procrastinator and a perfectionist is a terrible combination for university
didnt see you anywhere today at the show you hiding?
my itunes just deleted all songs off my ipod!!! nooo!!! ugh!
my baby turns 9 yo today! im feeling a little old!
not forever... see you soon!
talking to designers...i cant squeeze any design juice from my brain...for my personal website.
writing an essay due in 24 hours.... any help at all would be extremely grateful and appreciated.
is wondering if she smells? why else would her two best friends in the world leave her
i wanna go to park ave, i never get to participate in record store day.
lol not me i live way to far away from there. haha.
we will be stylin today. at least my shoes because i still dont have a cool clippers shirt.
sitting inside as the rain has ruined my plan for a walk. oh ireland
lol..photography! nice..it is my lost hobby. i was an art history major and never went to europe
i feel a pat on the back coming on...day 5 of wdpoa done!i do feel deprived as i really wanted chocolate! sleep dont think about it!
i have a friend with a lot of scars too, makes me love him more. if you get him, glitter polish on his nails!! do it!
massive lag times on wow, lame
search for chametz finished. last bread meal tomorrow morning.
good morning guys, how are you all? you know, its frustrating, i never get a reply
that really too bad.
first person to give be a hug, i will love forever. cant sleep at all wishin a certain person would talk to me..
come back... lmao!!
a come on... i have less than an acre and a push mower... uhm... it takes 45 min front and back...
oh my god i am in so much pain.... off to lay down and take more oxycodone.
hey! i thought you were following me on here i must suxxor!
ive been neglecting my twitter lately how tragic
up all night wanting o go and play blackjack. the casinos around here are so lame. i want to go back home. va here i come.
listening to a prairie home companion. last new ep for a while.
im a smut i know
immm sooooo lo
really bored right now.ashley i miss you so much
let me know if he does, were not watching the fight
o you saw 17 again without me??? lolz.
crashing. night everyone!
im off to bed... way to late... will likely be a sac a shit at work tomorrow.
has two essays to do by tomorrow morning. all i want to do is sleep. im so tired.
nope but i want one to
wondering what happened to the couple im supposed to be shooting engagement photos of right now . . . no phone contact for 1 hr.
i so woulda gone if i was still there as in california.. i left on the 10th
i never found her. everytime i click on her twitter thing through your myspace..... it goes to some dudes page
awwh i feel dirty now, having followed an amateur armando damn fakes!
this week is not going as i had hoped
ex lydia drummer now drums in that band le sigh
building email templates for outlook 2007 is a nightmare.
note to self cushion forts do not work on reclining sofas
not unless you are in the same bed? i have to go out in shorts in a moment... dreading it.
nooooo!! i was doing so good, im not allowed to cry.. ughhh, staying up late makes me think about stuff..
what is this?? i feel hotter.. im sicker than ever
where the heck is my friend? lol what u doin? havent talked to u all day!
trying to get dan into the o.c.... its not working
lt this is my face! needs to make that shout out to me!! it was my pooh joke!
anyone.... been a crap day here ... now 12am and i guess time for bed. up at 5am! how is lovely sunny uk?
been too many meetings since 1230 aahh!
university of texas at austin or south western adventist university? i cant decide.
arrrggghhhhhhhhh i cant put my picture up...its being stoooopid
hahaha i cant find any of mine well it also is that there all old and probably over shit like this, dam flamit!
stitchin up some sweet woodgrain print jeans today and tonight! no partying for me this week
why isnt there a quotfakequot verruca on twitter?... now im sad.
helping hubby pack to go to dubai tomorrow ... wish he didnt have to go
need excederin
hope your ok.
sorry to burst the sunny bubble, but pouring in westboro, probs moving its way to you
why is 8800mtrs 619 pace harder than a 22 mile?
touring harlem. nobody wants to get off for pix but me! denied!
so wish i could go to ravens training camp this year
and bfast always adores sm,really glad its included on the tour. every1 likes playing here. 10yrs ago nobody played here
why does he do this to me?! god, i was going to rape him!
ugh does anyone know what i can do to stop anxiety attacks? pleeease...i need help
getting ready for the floodgates of patients to open.
it isnt very pretty where i am today
tonight was fantasticccc... but im my ankle still hurts.
why would you want to send traffic to that page? at the bottom, you say youre not done
is this the real keri hilson??
is cold at work again today...i gotta remember to pack my snuggie in my car
is not a happy chappy....
... downloaded the new youmail blackberry app. it wont download my old messages
very sick. i hope its just a 24 hr thing
at school right now.. just watched this is england, and im sorry to say that i didnt like it that much maby because i watched it here?
ugh, im ridiculously bored
nooo no bot for me. at least i dont think so. i gotta edit allll night and go into wvaq
laying on my couch sick... not the way i wanted to spend veishea
i wish i could watch the video feed...but the buffering sucks! asot400
no idol love. wishing we could use macs at work. they are so pretty and easy
prison break does not deserve to be shown instead of dollhouse ! get it together, fox.
doesnt want to be alone
im guessing that was to me, cause these chairs be a pain, but i have no spare powerpoints in my room
my friend was fired
anyone for studying french on a saturday night?
as a kid, i chased my cat with a spray bottle , lol randomfacts
yeah it was good news, a y combinator interview next week! dunno bout the oyster, will just suck it up i guess
im bored jajaja no one connected.
my god i really love my big sister. i miss her.
i have decided my room needs to be more quirky, so angel gave me a mirror! and my a button isnt working too well either
buttons are still sticking after spilling oj on phone need ideas for how to clean without destroying phone
i have to stay at work until 0730 tomorrow morning.
doesnt understand the thought process behind yoghurt pot lids. why would you make something designed to be licked out of sharp foil?
marley and me is a good movie. it made me cry ugh.
jack is glad that his leg is getting better but sad that paul has gone back to newcastle ...
thanks! i started sniffling like crazy at the gym today boohoo, but lots of vitamin c should do the trick!
what do you do if you develop a temporary lisp? anne ah mish you x but seriously twice the temp lisp
can i get download version of the dvorak interlude... since streaming is banned at work...
my back hurts ugh.
amazon.co.uk says its not available yet. fed is great for themers at all levels, although htmlcssphp familiarity will help.
i am not proud of myself.i bailed on the pretest.i guess i ws scared and just not ready.im so disappointed
is thinking about the drive 2 nashville
lil moo moo has a bad cough..... wide awake....
hey jason switched my schedule so i have to close tomorrow night. still up to do something just after 11. sorry
good luck! youll do amazing! i wish i was 18 so i could see you
suggestion any charity in singapore need a perfectly working netgear router? i lost the driver cd though
you are going to teach me how to play guitar!!! love you valen, and miss you
at last! rhywyn i actualy gweld twitter fi yea, vn busy tan y 20th.bad times tin ok though?
off today...really bummed that a week ago today britney wil be in vegas and i wont be able to go
no. only close friends and family im afraid. im only a work colleague.
i misses you and your sis we must get together soon, like coffee at df? or cs? wat say you darling?
just got up, pshhh going on the trampoline, even though i am all sore
i want to be trendy
miss kabalin hates me
is the white guy manager there? the one that shouts when you walk in? i wanna go back and feast!
listening to the new eminem track...same formula as always funny track, serious track, track about killing someone, the end. boring
asot400 he said video should be up... but it is not. lovin the audio, tho!
thats it!, im folding and getting tweetie for my iphone twitteriffic is taking toooo long to update!. i need grouping amp replies.
should nott be up this early fuckk me
in springfield, mass. at springfield college, sitting on the bleachers all by myself.
i have a phobia of owls tooooooooooooooooooo!
man what a ruff day! dow is down 129 points. dollar is up thank god lol best news all day lol
forgot to turn on the espresso machine this morning....sigh....guess breakfast is going to have to wait. not happy, am i.
lmaooo mornin baybeeee. dont lie?! a peaceful journey?! my train is straight boring not even a hooded teef in sight.
ew im mad my fastest was 57.
what a rainy f1! force india seem so lost in shanghai
so bitchy youre breaking my heart flad.
my msn hates my guts. i wanted to go out tonight
it was cloudy and cool all day today. felt like taking a nap.
i can has migraine?
still not got my msn workin
theres no beach here..but i am pretty sure its nice outside..im going to the movies today though.. youre lucky!!
my back hurts. argh. i miss my bloke.
i hate cooking dinner
cant do a veda video today cause my flipcam is out of batteries
woke up late today by about an hour lol. but i am at school now ready to do some portfolio.
alonso is too light
webcast sounds cool. interested to hear what youve got to say on rhino.etl as weve still got projects stuck in ssis
taking some much needed naked time. too bad its alone naked time.
jammed my finger and it hurts really badly.
is having a down day !!!!! xxx
officially working too much lately. not enough time to play with my lover, and neither of us is pleased.
i want ffxii really bad, i never got a chance to play it.
i wish i could link things as good as you
if i send you a message you wont read it, anyway.
has to go to work without ninja luke how sad
its storming i dont like this
a new morning with stomachache
packing. getting ready to leave los angeles tomorrow. i dont want to go home!
jim shearer!?!
gosh...it makes me sad when people dont give god a chance
have sent you an email but not sure if working as havent received anything all day or, im just unpopular!
is tired and has an upset stomach
sandy got a sitter for thisafternoon. but all festivals are rained out... no crawfish, green beer or wild game bbq today.
is it possible to die from coughing? it sucks being ill
dogs around my ankles as ive had to lock them in the study with me, away from the builders. oh joy, only another 14 weeks of this.
sunset on iphone,
wants to play resident evil but school and work getting in the way
to the people who called out to me on the red carpet, i was blinded by the lights!
now im down to 10 battery!
oh no im really sorry to hear that you arent going to be at northmonts show tonight are you?
pleased to follow per armano ... i have a ? about my 3 yr old, 1200 dell inspiron thats now dying
got school work to do and a house to clean! blah
off to bed ... damn end of daylight savings means my son will be awake at 5.30am
ok, i change it youwhore or is it youiwhore? thats not right. i want to be an iwhore too goddamn beautiful gadgets
exactly i dont want to think about tomorrow...so sad i guess the best things in life are temporary asot400 asot400
i think i have postauchengillan blues. i want to go back now please, kthnx.
stuck... it seems there are quite some disadvantages about working alone i guess i need personal asskicker
out of yogurt sry
thanks a lot. learned a lot of new words but didnt find what i was looking for.
still sore comes put tomorrow though!
updates? any? i miss your updates, guys!
aww i forgot its tomorrow!!!! i was going to go but i completely forgot! im so sad now
im procrastinating on mine too. im afraid
missing the spring game because of rain i really wanted my kids to see it.
part two of my hp saga black cartridge i bought way back dried out since i couldnt actually use it in my printer. 15 ï½ gone.
it sure will .. amp since im a responsible mom, i dont have random men in my bed and i have to use my imagination d
im not there is on hbo in 30 minutes! got excited then remembered i should get some sleep tonight. and why is it not on again soon? sad
ughhh i am so tired blahhhhhhhhh
wondering if well ever be together. i mean, here i am typing this, and there you are reading it. were so far apart. it pains me.
i know right? and ugh ned is so gorgeous and sweet and cute and i want a ned in real life. cant believe it was cancelled
nice hotel room, but the restaurant is being remodeled so no room service late lunch for me
is pretty sure someone is eating in the bathroom stall. thats really high school of them and kind of sad
is still nursing my nile but glad he is feeling better. i hate when my baby is sick
i love piano! my mom played, and its my favorite music. id take it up again, but my fingers are too arthritic.
is very, very tired . . .yet, still looking forward to spending my saturday with mumsy!!
oh no tummy bug? hope u get better soon xx think she is only back briefly then off to nam..have text but no reply yet xx
would rather the first party send bad messages than the 3rd party send mixed ones sophmore year all over again?
study history of music ..... bored ..... help me please!!!!!!!!!!
english, bummer...
that happened to me saturday night. along with my glittery green lighter!
rant of the daypeople who dont spell my name right. examplesmy fiances entire family, my realtor, people who reply to my emails, etc
trying not to cry... my haiir! that stupid gay ruin it! dont ever go to eduardo franco !!! ever!
its another rainboot day
is at work, with a boo boo on her knee
reeeeeeeeeealy wants some mickey ds dollar menu cheeseburger. im huuuuuuuuunnnnnngggggrrrrryyyyy
oh god, mikeys naked. wait. this is the norm.
why ru not at wunderland???
i think i sprained my pinky last night its swollen and its hurting. aww man.
i cant believe i lost the vids these were fun, cool personal stuff!
god damn it! i was trying to say i love manny moo moo! i guess twit pic didnt like my heart symbol
it was a repeat tonight for gossip girl
today, i was putting on jeans and noting how theyre my very favorite jeans and i love them so much. i proceeded to rip them. fml
probably had the worst weekend ever, despite the good weather in davis.
bed. class 812. work 123. gym 35 or 6. then class 610. another day thats gonna fly by. i miss my girlfriend
mommm!!!! bro called me and sis twitterwhore s
inspiringly beautiful story about a rescued pony very sad though
you should come over to my place for drinks. just kidding im not 21
mmmm, i want eatser show on the 14th not 15th this is bad for me maddie d
tired eyes from playing guitar hero and making dinner... made white choc brownies but dont feel like eating them
feeling down
has a huge headache
pypi fail installing markdown with pip and easy_install downloads the python 3 version
seeing all the happy drunk girls on penn! being ridiculous! not us sober!
just hangin out... i gotta do some cleaning today...
true and, lo and behold, it just happened again
wheres my 900 im a poor uni student too
okay im sorry that was mean. im not nice
i lost my class ring
thats disappointing, science was golden
ah! wont be at rehearsal tonight we are awaiting the imminent arrival!
no! everytime i wanted too...i couldnt...i wanna go..i didnt tell you this...i might go to live in peru this year!
gutted
this trolley has up packed in like sardines! padre game and they remove a car?! good call mts
im cold
stressing over the methodolgy section of the mlearning report
i bombed my chem test today every one hates the professor!
im praying for her relationship with the lord. thats the only way she will find happiness
just got out of work...ready to do something fun tonight but idkk what yet!
um yea wtf april! i had to grab a sweater booo
homework....still
that long! things are never simple! i wanted to pierce my tongue over this holiday but couldnt because of the healing time!
hates it when restaurant city is down.
im still not feeling very well. why is it that recently im getting sick so often
done with all my calls before my second shift. i only convinced 3 peeps to donate. bah!
what? why? noooooooo but i do know someone who needs it if you cant go
my laptop has a virus i think
saturday night...no plans. no friends
ugh how depressing. i want to punch something.
ill tell ya the story later not a good day and ill be workin for like three more hours...
man, im sorry to hear about that
awww maaaaan its a beautiful day
i really dont want to go back to chicago. i liked not hearing about bad politicians or oprah, i hate oprah. only 4 days left in the uk
sick ...and giant accounting test at 6
still at work.....had to manually calculate and now enter everything that usually would be there if our cell dyn had been working
it says service engine soon! that cant be good! oh dear
developer fail... should have mixed a new batch
march sales reports done... hardly worth it
where did the sun go?
cuz trey havin a basketball tgame down here n he didnt tell his memphis fans
sorry guys, youth meeting tonight has been cancelled well reschedule for next week.
im still working
when am i gonna finally be not sick????
whyy??!! is not my fault!, my parents are busy for 1th time! i feel upset... u
i was there yesterday!! didnt see u!
hey demi, wen are you and selena gonna do another video? i miss them
my relatives are in manhattan and im not so not cool.
morning! up early to practice for school tomorrow watching tonights the night coz i missed it yesterday...
i heard! yeah ive been sick as a dog and school is killing me right now.
the chat broked?
wishing i could watch the red wings play tonite in the stanley cup playoffs
cant find her earphones
i wish i could do that...unfortunately, its at work where i need mine.
hope that kidneystone doesnt completely ruin your weekend
seriously beginning to hate this entire get up and write routine. wish the essays could all just be over with
just came back from college. assignment really piles up like shits. so dead tired
just keep trying to upload it babe... it will upload...sometimes you need to try at least a dozen times..i know
you can im a size 14 trouser at the moment what curry did you have?!
argh, there goes my plans for friday...
the spring is now finished and im going back to school tommorow.
darn it !!! i woke up with a great idea for a lime article and i forgot what it was
might go sit on the swing and do some revision later. i want to go on holiday
are you really changing your name to mich?! please say no
just woke up. i need more sleep. funeral at 12
is wondering what to do with her self tonight.. have to go out noone to go out with
waiting for a special phone call
is at the most awknerdy history luncheon ev fml
ooops.. i had a bug but i fixed it.. try that tiny url again..
hey ashley not much. couchsurfing downtown, staying in tonight but might walk hosts dog to main st in a bit. how bout u?
i need help!! i am lost in twiiter cyberspace
oh noooooo kath is back from annual leave!!!!! du du duuuuuuuu!
i wish break would never end
pav ? nom 2224 i hate you mother fucking irish people 2224 you all suck l 2224 lmao ... pav is mean.
..im barely hanging on almost over! then we can playyyyy
whats your fault?
should really go to sleep so i can get up early tomorrow well today now
ffffuuuu the dress i wanted to buy is sold out
quoti not need quot lol ichc cat still miss mine dang it!
i love carbs!! ...too much
its so nice out! wish my boo was here
woke up to milo having a seizure.
id kill for a beer, or two
is now off to bed now, because she is very tired!!! and hasnt done enough art ... looks like another art filled day for her tomorrow!!!
is chillin n listenin 2 some music and sitttin in the sun...bout 2 start some boring uni wrk!
my sony vaio showing a problem with its exhaust fan... need to get serviced urgently...
busy but would love to come to the next one. have fun guys!!
argh ive eaton so so much today
i think they are slowly trying to phase us out
guess i bought too early. ticket to maui next week on american dropped about 50 should have waited.
sad, very very sad...i cant go but desperately want to man i luv fla, but wish i was closer to boston! dammit!
bunnies want to stay outside on the grass i feel mean taking them inside for the night. silly brandy bunny
hit her head last night ouch!
oh. wow. dont look at people or scream conor oberst.
just uploaded these pix april 7th, huh? could have fooled me.
my achilles heel for spending is x dvds for ï½20 in hmv
i heard that too i want to volunteer...
fsjkhdfkljasfh why does this little boy have to be so stubborn mygosh, taken 3hours to do some summaising. ahh thats bad. lol
hope it wasnt on carpet poor little guy. what type of puppy?
is not happy with his team
the guy mailed me back remgmt. r18. all of them
lol rickys mean ima hurt him he called me a vulture
i feel really ill all of a sudden!
twitterberry not responding but mobile net fine! off to a meeting in the city for amf. not ready to get back to my life so soon! miss l.a
tired stayed up too late watching for sabrina on dwts...but she looked lovely as usual !
i feel bad .mewithoutyou.
sorry to hear that babes
the only bad thing about my fav. fic is that its forced me to realise how terrible all of the other fics i like are
just watched greys anatomy. i cried. i will be writing now. i miss meg.
. lol yes sis its so ptetty here...wish you guys were here
just threw up all over the bathroom. not fun
im wearing my bmw tshirt today, so its quite upsetting to see them struggling so much
aaaaand the nausea is back.
i miss him so bad
a quick scribble to please my stalker lt3 i have to start learning illustrator
reports from italy 179 death, 34 missing, 1500 injured italy earthquake via rai
havent talk with aaliyah love in a few miss her some. wife says to thank her for the mags she sent us
no my hair place closed down no wtf where am i suppose to get my hair cut?
long day at work. oh well... got some money.
says im scared for mock exam on monday
ugh everything isnt working for me today
asot400 nooooo.... need more shah!!!
suppose to be going out tonight but feel ill so its family guy marathon on bbc3 later and cdwm now. rock and roll
aww, sandra cantu is found dead in a suitcase missing children stories never seem to go good. poor family.
slept for 11 hours.. had been awake since 5.30am yesterday.. and still i was late for the exam gotta wake up at 5 tomoro onwards
i dont want to talk to advisors, they dont advise, the judge your arse off
ate two masala dosas backtoback..my tongue cant resist another but my tummy cant persist another
i think i need to get laid. sad revolution i had earlier rofl
updatingffe. that gives me nothing to do for a good twenty minutes!
i hope i am not too late, but protect your son! circ is not necessary amp harms babies
thought it would be interesting to get f1 updates from twitter, slightly regretting the decision, i cant see anyone elsess updates
just have got a cold but still so happy cause a new lovely love have took over my heart ?!
my back is killing me
this rugby trip just went from bad to worse. i guess someone should have listened when i said we were not ready.
going to bed with a bad migraine. good night everybody.
feeling under the weather and wishing i were in bed with the dogs
the leeds festival twitter man has lied. there is no update.
awe girl im sorry i hope you feel better!
no we just got back today. you?
unfortunately not at civic camp.
i wish i could go 2 bed with out having 2 take an allergy pill.
yeah had to call into work today. the dr. is going to the office just to see little matthew at 100, i am pretty sure its pink eye
today isnt looking much better in houston. sorry
home sweet home, sickling is in bed and my eyes are fighting to stay open. time to crawl into bed, i have to function for the ap tour
i know and i cant even come out
i hope you feel better
my body is really hating me today. cut my knee, cut my elbow, cut my toe nail. all bleeding. plus tons of lifting and moving...
oh... well damn.
talking to a boy hating work though
1 hand clapping is the usual reaction to my dancing..
hey my phone got stolen so please tell me at ur doin tonite
u think u have got it bad! they start school at 745am here and i walk him to school 20mins away! just the thought!
already looking for that damn cd
lol so how is everyone and btw i have to go to my grans soon
im staying in norman tonight
good knight hun! looking forward to ur tweets again! hate that i keep missing out on the fun cuz of the time difference
i think i found my face...unfortunately. you didnt find yours yet?
oh no. no no no. getting sick...this is gonna be a bad one
rofl sheep are to conventional rubber duckies are better!! actually, i would rather count the days till t.i. is out lt3
has nothing to do todaay uggh!
omg finally. new pushing daisies. only 2 more episodes left. one of the best tv series. evarrrrrr
supposed to go memorialassembly shopping but plans are getting delayed!!
twitter was really messed up last night.
its like that ya noe. wtd.. i hope ur grandpas ok at least hes happy from the china trip.
my head hurts. i think i drank too much?
just back from the wound care center, the 2 wounds on my lower leg are getting larger. i go back tomorrow.
feeling lonely.
getting ready for a nummy roast dinner with mah family!! in other news... heath ledger rocked the joker... poor heath
cant find my cell
disappointed about where the house season is going. . . . . . sigh. . . used to be such a great show!
haha, our windows are barred. im a prisoner 95! i wish i was joking such a beautiful day too!
this breaks my heart navy seal marcus luttrells doggy i am filled with rage.
wants to go to a club and listen to some good music, then she woke up and saw that that doesnt exist here
my heart aches with jealousy... wad makes it worst?? i miss her so much, i tink im in love with her...
hi gerry, im in dublin most of the time college
got 2 bottom of it, human error bug from a release last month, being fixed tonight. email press.com for details
just watched australia, what a whoppin great pile of of steaming hot horse faeces! baz should hang his head in shame
hows amanda doing?
i live in the country... nearest neighbor is like 100 feet away
of course i wanna go, but im in chile, so far
im lonely keep me company! 22 female, new orleans louisiana
trying to send dm but wont work
just got back home from work... need to complete the time management sheet for next week... so, no sleep..
lol! my throwing range doesnt extend to 1000 miles
am going to get hot blackcurrant cold drink wish me luck...
margaritas w the bestie ! she approved my selfnflicted haircut!!! now quotghetto birdquot hoverin ovr my crib. roscoe not hppy! la
i agree with you there, have you seen the prices of places to go?, im sure they bump up the prices over the kids hols
just woke up... what to do, what to do... another day night with no computer
clean me!
im over it, but accutely aware that only bob will ever know that
hmm... this tea is not the best ive tasted, its not bad but its not great either... oh sheeesh, ive turned into a tea snob
let our agoraphobic cat out 6 hours ago, still no sign. feel awful
is upset that hasnt been on twitter lately. where r u?i miss u
last night sucked...the tigers loss and msu lost but atleast the red wings won
no way!? ur at a game right now!?
gr8t my face is very itchy
i have class in 30 and i dont know why to wear!!!! i have like no cute clothes!!!
printing anatomybiochem lecture notes
friends not living in this area of town anymore sucks for going out and drinking nights and drivingcabride issues.
we need to go shopping together!!
getting ready for bed after a long night of not feeling well
hurt my ankle. have to answer phones
i have way too many applications running feeling very sorry for my poor mac
did not know until about 2 hours ago that my sister is leaving tonight and not in 3 days. that was a quick goodbye.
found a nice lakeside park with a small beach, but . . . no grills oh well . . . ill have to keep looking another time.
my piercing hurts really bad now. whyyyyyyyyyyyy???!!!!!?!!!
omg the saddest thing just happened! so most people might think its realy wierd but i think its soooooo sweet! anyone that knows me.....
we missed the show tonight had too much todo with apartment practicalities today.
remember these days? neither do i. siiiiike. i miss my old body someday soon u shall be miiiiine.
walking home. its freezing cold outside.
sorry
oh god i am so sorry
no bloody poptarts at the coop. i hate random cravings
argh. problem with keyring
dad insisted on having a carwash at this friggin hour. im so tired already he wont listen to me now i have to sit and wait.
i will have to say i was let down when nothing happened at your work
ahhhh i wish i could go to the dallas show...but i wont be near there then
oh. well. im a douche then. sorry.
watching a movie, eating a lollipop, and then hitting the sack. i have govt. to do in the morning.
too bad i wont be around i lost my job and cant even pay my phone bill lmao aw shucks
doing some crazy ideas for album! im soooo tired
1 more day of spring break... wish it could have lasted 4evr!!
good night sweet dreams yall... wish i was in l.a right now .....
i broke m.twitter.com too
i miss you girl! 2 days and school and then enlace !!! anacecii!
need to go and do some college work and then go to work having had no food !
yay! saturday! stereo died or something in my car, gotta rip out my dash again..
had my scooter stolen last night...i feel so violated. it was a piece of crap but at least it was my crap...now its someone elses
chest pain. hockey training tmr.
your face is a d90.
going through the motions when i just want to go right back to bed.
phones internet is not working
ive just got back into coding again, and dont wanna go food shopping and then go to work sniff
not feeling well today i want chicken noodle soup and my bed...
quotfire of anatoliaquot is fired... costumes are destroyed... its so poor situation
iss boredd
she said she cant see posts cause her twitterberry isnt working
that is so incredibly sad..
you dont answer me on bebo
so what did we all think of the hills last night? i thought it was ok, just focusing on the fact that its ending last season!!
i miss angiii i miss talking too her i love you angiii!
eww. hershys kisses are ok, but not amazing
gym attire today was puma singlet, adidas shorts.......and black business socks and leather shoes lucky did not run into any cute girls.
oh oh! thats sad!
ya gotta get up early tomorrow whos ready for the weekend???
ugh. losing friends was not on my list for spring break.
hehehe too bad they were separated
i bought a pair of boots there, and i just got them...they sent me two left shoes. now i wont have them for niagara falls
i am teary eyed i want my firefly back. wish river would have contributed to the documentary but it was amazing. im super sad now
problem is they arent appealing to a wide enough audience, even though they think they may be
...now freezing our buttocks off again
oh,everyones offline. haha,im gonna try to sleep.x goodnight everyone. or goodmorning those,who is alredy waking up xd
i will be in vegas
im at workkkk im freezing too i need a mass hug from you! can i call u 2night babe? xxx
is about to head out of the a...
soooooooooo much uni work to do
im filled to the brim with good things. workday tomorrow though, i think i cant go to work.
go to bed, i wish i could, im still at work
why is no one awake?!? i need more friends in different time zones
needs a twitter tutorial..
is finally getting up. so hungry.. shower time! then to start this dammit assignment thats due in 10hrs s
trying to get my head around this. having a tidysort day with the wife whilst trying to play mousehunt. not good
i know
i agree. but i hope ull pardon my technology colored glasses while i learn the ropes of mgmt amp strategy. it was top of mind
struck down with viral infection, peaved getting ill.
thanks! gravity s60 twitter client seems to be far better. sadly it costs 8 euros while similar things for iphone are free
i am thinking about what love truely is and i am coming up with a blank.
now i want amanita ...someone made me feel unliving.
i completely forgot about the exams.. i really cant be bothered to revise. peruface
did the walk for autism and took a nap. ugh! now back to the homework.
is on myspace, facebook, msn and doin work
that is depressing.
what a mistake buying that dress, i dont even want to go to grad anymore
bet i oh wait mac? no prolly not.
i guess im not forcing myself to go out tonight. lame
at work again......it is going to be gorgeous outside and i will be inside!
laid around too much today... now my head hurts
oh for a brain that is working properly its a little fogged up today
ha ha ha, cap doffed. okay you are right. camping in the cotwolds again for me.
god, i need to get a life... a new low adding twitter to the endless list of ways to avoid work...
is so nervous about the idea of isps capping monthly bandwith. not like butterflies nervous, but puking all over the desk nervous
officially over. broken hearted
play with me im bored
dozens ideas for bfiction, average amount of writing skills, lack of free time
we love you too. i really wish that i couldve been there. trust me ive been in a bad funk all day cuz i couldnt go
missing my mommy !
lmao what horrid timinggg well ill be here for like 50 min by mself and then were making cupcakes...sshucks
another fun confab, no matter what comes of it. i wish i hadnt worked until 9. im gonna miss next week, though.
just fired up the laptop to quotfailed to connect to servicesquot same as last week. looks like rolling back to vista till rc
i cant stop sneezing
just got text friend gone in for csection at 30 weeks
rubbish at least were having curry for tea, so that should cheer you up!!
its always a shame when the good local places close 4beans is on randellwilson next 2 tacobell let me know if u ckexk it out
cleaning the bathroomsgross. poor jack was just buried.
house made me sad. oh, kutner
i was experimented on by an alien .... no un necessary probing though... luckily
im lonely keep me company! 22 female, new york
feeling better today, thank you lord! going to try and tackle walmart and the grocery store today.
up and showered, now to get dressed for the late shift lollypop
so do exams
i couldnt be less prepared for my 11 am finance exam... and i cant seem to make myself do anything about it
hopes she wouldnt have that toothache again
wow......i miss strokes.....so much right now.....but why? i miss those funny stories hed tell me bout his trips.
its all ending so fast
unfortunately no and i have some work i really wantneed to do. are you having fun for me i hope so!!
hurt my back and 3 vicodin arent helping
my sisterss dragging me to go upstairs already. so, good night. i wish i had a computer in my room.
cash rules everything around me
i love pineapple, but it gives me tummy ache
have to write three papers today, ugh
what a shame! you cant type persian amp read persian tweets with tweetdeck so bad cos its a good app
oh i know same it really sucks! i.ds who really needs them right? ill just drive anyway p
just got ur newsletter, those fares really are unbelievable, shame i already booked and paid for mine
legs feel worse than they did yesterday
wtf? massa is out again. ferrari is having a really bad start to the year. and he was doing so well
bored outta my effin mind...not hungry but i need to eat something to take my meds
a king sized bed is nice but sad and lonely with no hubby, puppy, or kitty i am over this whole conferenceing thing.
i believe he died during abdc
rainy day in boston
google appengine doesnt support jaxb or resteasy client no sockets allowed. no service bus on the cloud
i was going to go and see your film, but then michael portillo said they he didnt like it, so now im not. sorry armando
i suppose there arent any around alabama though.
it doesnt make me laugh either,my friend hacked my twitter im sorry
uni is not any better
guess i cant ask you to help me find blue contacts then
enjoy wandering around. i wish i could join you. or at least be in london
my stomach is killing me
watching the very last episode of the fresh prince, makes me feel sad all over again
stupid schoool. dnt wanna gooooo. rah. less than 3 more monthsssss. and3 more days till spreeng brake! x__x
sonic didnt work out there were like 12 million ppl standing outside waiting for shit. pick up stix was a faulty substitution
yep. definitely forgot my daily comic yesterday. actually, who am i kidding? i remembered. i just didnt do it.
a glorious sunny day and ive got a headache
is anyone out there? of course not... its 407am. i have to go to work early tomorrow and i cant sleep
finish the chicken coop already! poor chickens dont have shelfter. send photos!
being bored at a competition. wishing i was at marissas sweet sixteen.
i cant view my comments from votehandmade
good call except they were gone by the time i got there
i hope you feel better!
i know!!!!!
yeah its rubbish, think my bill just gone up as well, and you have to filter the crap water
where has all my money gone?!
starbucks. i need coffee!!!!!! then school
i dont know what to do, because anything i say now, will sound rich. so the only thing i can do is go
working again
i miss having friends that would come to this stuff with me.
i am at work, wishing it was sunday night
im bummed. getting our first foster and she turns out to be alpha, just like heimdall. disaster!
lost in proximus online sitemaze, between eservices and myproximus. no way to send an email to support. and is a squatter
is so late today. 12mn pa ako mkakalabas ng office
something in the road killed our truck. almost in florida too.
little kids took over bounce house
damn stiff neck, day 2
stop raining please i have planssss
normal grading system vs asian grading system. lol its so true i went through that
didnt see you at house 2.0 but lets connect soon! yes, jayz would join you in hey brooklyn. lucky him!
omg i didnt realize it was you in fear factor!! shame on me
basically cried through 90 of rachel getting married.
no squirrels today they must be hiding.
oh my eye, my knee is well and truely knackered. i cant even sleep its that sore need deep freeze!!!!!! it was worth it though!
arrrggh, failwhale strikes again
wow! thats customer service! ive tried posting a few photos now and none appear on twitpics and i dont know why
only two days of vacation left
just got done watching the hills! loved it! excited for the next episode! and im sad this is the last season!
bad night.. sore bottom and arm.. no fun
ugh. what a bitch you can have tacos tomorrow!
aww moe! i was planning on leaving tomorrow evening are you gonna be in town by chance?
heh, yeah, i shakily conquered the ladder. pointless job, tho. were too far away to receive digital signal w antenna.
update just stapled myself... to myself. epic stapler fail
im just tired.
cant believe the crap thats on the radio. i need in my life
amazon mp3 downloads down to 29p so much for my 10 cheers
i wish id known that there were more tickets earlier. rang this arvo one left but amy would end up sitting alone. sigh too hard.
wants to be able to write songs again.
hey long time no see! yes.. rains a bit ,only a bit lol , im fine thanks , hows you ?
ugh uhhhhh...wme? im soo hungry tear
oh that is very sad, poor boy.
working on it now
i hate waking up in the middle of the night for no reason
burnt my tongue...
i could go for some loving right now
just got back from picking up my parents...goodbye house to myself
has 0g of milky bar left, and around 200ml of coke
off to the doctors today emily has a rash which looks like the measles
i am twitter specifically
uh, no! lol. i thought you forgot about me. let me check my replies again.
standing outside in the cold
dang well, i hope you are staying dry. be careful!
im goooood!!! lol.. i wish i was watching care bears lol how are u?
needs to stop sleeping all day.. causes some problems when youre wide awake at 245am...
yea thats what im doin, it just hurtsss hows weston?
it was soo good seeing you, i missed you too! im sorry if i seemed out of it, love haha cant wait to see you again! lt3
totally bummed abt 2nites webcam show
i am soooo jelous i wanna play sims 3
ah my head! everythin is too bright
damn some people just love to piss me off but im just gon let it go....
guess whos bizzzack! btw moving 3 pieces of luggage with 2 hands is haaaaard
asot400 how much is the rocket ticket to the moon?? i cant find it online
i feel so bad, all the babies n kids r here coughing their heads off. little boy here with a high fever, mom is all worried.
at thunder! but they are telling people to take their tents down. well we arent until all the other hundreds of people do! so there.
preparing my kids with their mid term exam problems not easy job to be a mom these days.waiting for my head to explode soon.!!
i am so sad babe!!! fob!!! i know
i want to go to america like this saturday
ahhh all of fftls merch on their site is soooo cheap!!!! i want it!!!! but im poor!
im so cold!
better to stay on our time i guess...
yiu are who i want right now youy make me feel okay!
i wanna sneak into the zoo and play with the kitties
khiara... no so good. been sick a few times now
aw, sorry to hear hope theyre ok!
cutting grass with dad, hayfever
tomorrow earth day at balboa park. my friend is driving.i dont have a car. it should be fun though!
watching the blazers lose at the highlands pub.
ill be there soon enough
working...and hoping feels better
im exhausted and i have to go pick my cousins up from the bar at 2am. so sad that i cant sleep
wishing the weekend wasnt so short
shed never have me. irish and jewish dont mix.
argh...firefox has just removed a bookmarks folder my sharepoint folder including all links within no idea whyhow
oh wtf house. not cool.
i have to go feed herman in a minute. and then clean my room. then let herman out. pretty much what i do every morning.
workingggggggg ughhh and my phone wont let me twitter
nice weather finally blesses us in dc until it starts raining again tomorrow.
im very glad britney isnt crazy anymore! that was one hell of a show! now im sad that its over. next up...ap at cook county!
long live my xbox 360. the red ring of death has finally overcome it.
at work text me please.
no not yet
im feeling sorry for myself because im kind of sick which means i cant go to a sleepover with my bff.
why is our line is messing up
that sucks
id like to know why i never sleep.
im sick its 3am on a saturday night and im doing homework. this sucks
im sorry. yea, im totally free whenever you wanna talk. just please, no shooting. id be sad
gardening faery does not exist.
im so upset that i missed my chat and quiz online because my free internet has ceased
omg i wanna watch it too! i think ill miss it lucas y jennys got a feverrrr
i wanna rock a maxi dress coachella, but lacking funding
soooo hungover. still. horrible night last night
i am not bad . i felt better on thursday , but today my brain is itchy and its hard to stay awake how are you ?
it didnt work!
i feel like death, cant even believe im at work right now
im not excited as i live in wales
i hate cleaning my kitchen
aw, that sucks.
kiiled it!! the dudes at the rope when let me show the love!
cannot believe she is awake at 6am on a tuesday. yawn and i had a bad dream. bummer
yawn gmornin have headache. pls depart! veggin wcuppa chai b4 i have to wrap my head around the day.
just got done watching the new house episode.definitely one of the saddest episodes ever.
gonna go and sleep my hangover is really kicking in.
taking roxy to vet. she has a wound around her mouth so we had to put the cone on..she is not a happy camper
dont you hate it when you trying to get at someone on myspace and they dont reply to your message? isnt that the worst?
soooo good. but you will cry
dont suppose theres any chance of making the buggers pay i.e. asking parents etc? long shot i guess
a dont wanna be on this road i dont know what to expect from it
aa i know what u mean. iv never been that girl with a sense of humor
really needs to sort out this insomnia crap, 430am again and still wide awake
no i didnt see anyone famous am still awake after god knows how long...
this coffee is not as good as normal
is missing playing my trumpet
still wondering what happened to gerard butlers page
bad news! the combo tickets are sold out . go 2 web,they still sell single day ticks, let me kno xx.
yeah i had my old username back then...hes barely been on since the change
56 min till home time and counting! i have a craving to visit the mac store but they will have closed by the time i get there
buu, valen you cant diee! i want to hugg you!!!
and i didnt end up seeing it bumma...some ppl are being a pain
still in ottawa. dying to go home
so effin tired rite now maybe not enough diet coke 4 me 2day? gnite ppls
i miss you girl! im going to bed now. goodnight all!
u guys really need to have another concert in toronto for the day before or the day after like honestly who wants to sit far back
i hate all of you people who are at coachella!!!! jk. im just jealous. damn recession!
off to buy bread in a few mins, the house is literally empty of food i think i ate it all.. lol
i agreee! clearly they only want attention, sorry i couldnt catch the train mateee
im held up in la
that wasnt very nice of them they could have told you! it wouldnt have been to difficult or impolite how are you?
needs a day away from studyingggg and is ill thanks to stupid unhealthy little brother. thanks, michael.
first cold night of the year
do i sense a blog coming on? too bad i have to leave in like 10 mins xxx
they said i was driving too fast so i got taken off the wheel
i lost a follower ughh. im up now
i love chinatown and its cheap stuffs, but i hardly communicate with the sellers, they cant speak english
busy day with my mum, she leaves for arizona today
ate a piece of angel food cake and another laffy taffy
why cant i sleep at 3am ?!! frick im going to be so tired for my midterm tmrw at 10
i dont want to. will phone back one of his colleagues and hope i dont get put through to him i think.
i cant stop thinking about my ex its crazy. hes soooo over me but im not over him ergh depressive
wishing i wasnt at work, and preferably in bed.. sleeping
yeah, i hear you. sadly, i dont have 42 to spend on a stuffed red robot.
boo i told you it would be too long...we gotta do more often, shorter ones!
up erly! lots to do! heavily sunburnt from yesterday
im trapped in my a fat and old body ! i have no choice
stop being so mean to lauren
repinging too bad i dont give out my number anymore could of had a cutie lol you can always start again
i think i really need to see a chiropractor. up to 30 hours of neck pain.
suck , when you know you havent done anything wrong , but it feels like you have
i am still suffering from a headache which has been with me since yesterday afternoon. feels like my head is in a vice not pleasant.
im so sorry. ill pray for your family.
a man im scared!! it itches too! i was washing dishes and thats when i think it got me!
spring break is almost over... time to go back to procrastination
gonna try and find a sports bar to watch that at... not got a chance though i dont think
babysitting the dog... i cant go anywhere for more than an hour or she could destroy the house
thanks for all the good luck! alas, i wasnt good enough dont really want to explain but thanks for everything i lt3 you all
this day officially sux.. bad mood and stuff like that
then why do they have these stupid little pictures on my ipod i can add to text if no one can see them
shizer!
still working on that research paper
too bad its not my bday party! hehe
given up on pdf parsing
just been whooped at bowling but i killed my bro at air hockey
im having twhirl problems again!
i thinkk you guys should take a picture. and reply it to me in a twitpic because i love you both of u to death. miss u
aww im sorry
i cant see you tomorrow morning, were going out for birthday breakfast with grandma. ill talk to you when i get home
on ms xp im afriad laptop is about 3yrs old and think its just a bit messed up
stinko that you didnt get to go to the bday party
that probably explains why i dont like it. i hate fruity pebbles.
phew! they let us in and my cats are okay just scared to death im such a bad owner for leaving them home alone like this!
had stress relieved, now it has returned
heeps tired from easter show,, devo lesley is now gone!!! i will miss you soooo much x
no but sometimes i like rice sticks.
me too so bummed i am not down there with all of you. hug everyone for me? and give dan a big wet smooch from me!
why does school take over your life so much you dont get sleep anymore .. i am still doing school work and have more to do as well
i hate coursework the tempest..shut up!!
i did, it was the only one left but i got tempted and ate it soon as i got home i had a chocolate velvet amp ate d mocha
hahahah that may be true..... unfortunately were at 3oh!5 now though...
bored, just been blown off by the boyfriend, so he can go out with his mates gutted
i lost my on a good day cd that i bought on the streets of chicago, lets hope that itll give the person who finds it a good day.
i wish i could be at gma this year, its a fun time. but i couldnt get off work have fun!
started ethics again, realised i did it wrong but i know how to write it all im just not best pleased about it
whats the best tool for sharing pictures on twitter? i noticed that created dznr.org but im not invited to that party
urg,colds suck
my home town. my mammy called all depressd. pls explain y a parent let their 8yr old child walk alone? hello? its 2009!
still stuck with the microsoft specialist... wont this day ever end!
sooo exhausted. essay time
just dropped my daughter to the airport.... see you in 3 months my love
bloody stinging nettles through heavy duty gloves too.
unsuccessful prom dress shopping.
i guess it just wasnt meant to happen
things are getting busy. im glad things are finally getting busy.
hmmm that pbampj was bomb! sb is over! movies today with the bestie!
got to finish my hw today almost done.lol.
gahh i need a job!!! i want a new guitar...like now
cheaa, i know all about that come visit meee.
just got to work a 12 hour ago.....wishing i was still in bed
your deviantart links are broken for me.
never experienced a scrotal infusion but sounds awesome. not sure about magic wand afterwards that would be excruiating
no likey..i dunno why its doin it
going to divas in a bit! wish was coming only a few more days!!
ive got return tickets booked for this weekend if the exchange rate wasnt so bad id go, but dont mind missing it really.
getting ready to go get my toenail lasered
the medicine is already down sexy time and it was not in a delightful way lol
so far the night has not been worth leaving the party and my friends for
good trip to shops, new mac mag to read with cuppa. almost lashed out on new lense for camera decided it was too many hundreds
sleeping on the floor in portland
dont tell the women about the mycocepurus smithii... bad day for male ants everywhere
hey you wouldnt do a radio interview about the wireless perhaps that was asking for. i cant do it
i was thoroughly disappointed at tonights britains got talent. it was nothing like last saturday will miss it when im back in nz
no new sewing friends
damn. neither are on there
goodnight nobody, since i have no followers nobody can see me say this
noes, my goatwool socks have worn through
too late! i insulted a construction worker who gave me attitude for walking in the wrong direction queenyonge.
i need some food nothing in the house at all........ .......
me too but ive accepted that my breathing and stomach will never be 100
just picked up my puppys crap i am so annoyed. he poops then pee!
has had a headache for 3 days and need to do coursework cant be bothered
from now on i refuse to share feelingz, cuz shyt never change
alas, i have no live connection at the moment my pc got sick, i have no landline, and i am on a dell mini. needs sorting!
im wish i wouldnt have drank coffee all day long, need sleep, must sleep, cant sleep
in san diego airport... flight delayed
apparently the laundry room burst in flames... but now its all cleared up. still smells like smoke though, even on the top floor.
i doubt anyone would hate someone for being a libertarian if they understood. republicans have given us all bad names.
just finished reading breaking dawn...
sleep tight everyone ,,,, in the real world tomorrow will be taping and mudding have a great rest of the weekend you all ! hate renoes !
im at work... and im sad cause its gonna rain when i take off...
snow in april is really depressing.
just had one cant drink any more till after ive ran
going to bed now. its been a long depressing rainy day! nite!
is down pa din ang restaurant city
home for spring break. no one is home tho
distributor system? then its justins and i entirely wash my hands of it! also because i have no idea
had a lovely day at the beach followed by dinner with a gorgeous lady roll on the work today booo!
the uzz brothers did not sign my cd
up early to go diving and im cold already
too bad you couldnt wait another month or so for me to sell mine.
what an awful dream
up early
dreamcast was so win.
finished garden for today. hey fever broke out finally
cant get onto my computer gotta wait for slow ass it to get up here
school time ugh.
dont forget about the race! and how can you like oatmeal? i cannot stand it.
our sweet little man just fell asleep while waiting up for daddy and big brother to get home! poor baby, he missed them so much today!
...omg its only 10 oclock! damn its going to be a looonnng day
my baby girl is sick. she had to go to the er today with a bad ear infection. my poor sweet girl.
ugh i guess i should start reading the 100 pages i have to read in my book that i had allll week to do and i have school monday
as sam beckett would say... quotoh boy!!!quot
easter 2 week holiday from school and loads of chocolate. awwh snap! loads of portfolio work to do, maybe its not a holidays after all?
im the same way.
we passed by the border
is thinking i shouldve gone to the roller derby
need cuddling now
goign 2 scholl baghhh !!! _ im tires woke up early.. fell asleep sick
wishing i hadnt skipped breakfast this morning...hungry!
i have a feeling of general all over ickiness. not usually a good sign, if i get emotional, migraine is on the way
poor darling have soup and rest!
been out all day looking for something new to wear for birthday next week with absolutley no luck
equinux.com just crashed safari tks you!
i just cried when blair got expelled. poooooor blair. but its okay. she is going to yale and everything is okay.
bored of holiday already. feel so empty
i loves mah kitty and mah fiancee. going to miss them both so much when i go home.
i wish i were in pittsburgh to go to the tech fest
studying commerce how am i suppose to remember so much????
u r crazy!! sd is the best city in the world!! i left 3yrs ago amp i am dying to go back
when to the shoe repair shop and the guy could not find my shoes! so i have to go back and see if he can find them in a couple days.
word twist isnt accepting quotmanmomquot as a word.
is one again, locked up in my bedroom, im really sick of spending all my time in here, i just want friends yo.
today is the day the government kills us all
yes yes still trying to find a picture that will upload correclty..
waking up. oversleeping because i dont wanna deal with today. just really bummed out. this rollercoaster life catches up to me at times.
brian dont make me fuck u up lol i replied 2 ur message...did u get my ? i miss u
im back in the world. funeral was sad.
not feeling v good abt myself
i know that would be so sad
had horrible dream in which one of the sats died the first dream ive had about them that i properly remember and its that terrible!!
it is cold in the a too
mmuk09 moodle 1.x must upgrade to 1.9 before being upgraded to 2.0 themes will probably break though
omg try taking three hungry teens to a grocery store when youre low on foodor dont! smart people apparently know not to do this.
getting ready for work...im super sleepy
u sound like me just b4 i hit 1.5 hrs. sadly today i was outlasted by a woman who was clearly 70! no jokes! shes a machine!
not going to fall out boy anymore. i feel like crap.
ohhhhh okay. hey !
work on sat.
deleted wordpress, so confusing, switched to stupid cutenews
i really hope your dad is getting better phil stay strong!
insomniac dot is insisting i go to bed. how dare she??? im just starting to have fun on my dinosaur!
if you leave me, ill be really
woke up with a migraine today cant even put contacts in its so bad. wish i could call into work but cant hope the babies are not fussy
april 7th, still snow on the ground
i really want to go to the flight of the conchords concert next month, but tickets have been sold out for a while
asot400 noooo! technology fail! bring me back my music!
going out sidee in dee cold.
it always makes me tear me.
doesnt know why, but is feeling very down. and a trip to the gym didnt help
someone keep me up....im at work
me too
amp just bought batteries for my cam took 10 pics and now the batteries are dead. i really need a new camera! no more pics tonight
come to the chat just 15 minutes please?
hope its as good as it looks! hang out after?
yeah im bored..but my stupid tweetdeck isnt working
i am very close to buying a macbook
i got in a fight with him...
yes, what emerson says there is the basis of all prejudice racism, sexism, etc quote
i had the most random day of fun. i cant believe its over already. now i cant wait for tomorrow except its gonna rain...booooo
cant sleep! david isnt here and its raining and thundering
crazy snow. went from mowing to shovelling in three days. wtf. deep wet snow, everything is soaked. trees snapping if it keeps up
my macbook is behaving very strangely....
we are at dio deka in los gatos. cathie keeps trying to talk about antimatter....yawn
ugh sux2bus. im on prepaid as well so accessing the net is bloody expensive! amp pretty sure txt updates cost a fair bit too.
fuck why couldnt they hold it on a weekend i have school
hope youre feeling better!! good news. i have a new hairstyle for us! show you tomorrow at lunch ill bring some yummy soup
it always makes me sad when i come home, jump in bed and figure out your not there...
does not know how he got home last night
im feeling pretty icky today...
cant believe im stuck working on such a lovely day. off tomorrow so can bet its gonna rain
shit ! im sick again
same problem w tberry for us if you get any info pls let us know... awaiting news of tweetdeck mobile for bberry
i actually saw it in the the book store at school when i had no money but when i went to look for it when i had money it was gone
snowing again
if you have a computer which isnt doing much or a cpu core not doing much, if youre technical, get in touch? i need processing power
i still dont understand this.
tried to install a twitterapplication on my phone. didnt work tough, boo!
i miss my friends.
everything hurts...uh!
please fix this because it brakes all external twitter avatar searches
feels like she is gonna throw up
cant sleep anymore
parking lot is a... yeah.. u already know
clouds rolling in, hard to believe i got a little sunburned today..
eek that sucks sorry
bugger its all good today! might have to error check things then
me and scobz goal is to get a celeb to respond to one of our tweets before we go to sleep. i may not get any sleep
my luck id probably get stopped by a cop or something stupid!
want her phone back now!!!!
is a single lady
aww well next time for sure ill let u know. i was on a press trip this time but i definitely plan on going again this yr
quotif you are a u.s. citizen between the ages of 1827, and you are a person, youï½re eligible!quot looks like you cant apply
r u gunna change it
i have a badd headache
all thats stapling chipped my nails
cant believe it, thats four in a row, we lost again! by eight. i want to cry
i just generally have a crappy day at work today. ever been stuck in a job you used to love but now hate? its not nice
has to wait a week to find out if her writing is any good sux!
you are not following me anyway so no probs. want to be followed, so lonely lol
all smoked. my rabbit is so cute. but he hates me
i am very excited to see rk and owl city, but i am still wanting to go to anberlins show...if only i had someone to go with me
i know! big love, true blood and united states of tara have too long of waits between seasons!
this earthquake in italy has me sadden. its only three hours away from naples, where my family is
she turn out fine. at least she didnt annoy me. doing malay hw at 11.09pm. i dont know for what reason but i kinda miss hannah
yay im part of the internet sensation!my eye is very pink
man... i hope i shit soon.. sundayhomemade breakfast day.. i aint shat since yesterday around 3
cant find them in my rhapsody mayhap you can share sometime?
sorry about your friend... just read that.
out of stock on xbox 360 limied edition red elite at the moment . i must have one!
thanks, i know that video is harrowing, especially the last 2 minutes i must admit i cried
riddle answer romeo and juliet are fish!!! and the broken glass and water is from the fishbowl breaking
whoawhoawhoa ampi were unleashing the fury like crazy. all of our fury was unleashed. yet it wasnt enough.
mariners lost what was ichiro thinking with that throw to home?!
ufc 97 is gonna to be spectacular! wish i could be in montreal right now... ugh, stupid exams... war silva!! war shogun!!
i dont know but its fixed now
for reals?
five minutes of sunshine to melt the snow, back to windy and gray again.
just bought a car and my impending fatherhood is affecting my judgement. out with plans of a 330ci and in with a rav4
dh is going in a week my 17mos and i are going at the end of may, going to vancouver 1st to visit my parents.
anyone know where i could possibly get a last minute ticket to roller kingdom kegger???? i really want to go!!
omg revisions revisions revisions! i feel like i wasted an amazingly beautiful day today doing pointless work
awmy dodger boy russell martin just said holla on t.v. thats like saying fat with a quotphquoti am really unattracted
wish i could watch! im out of town and only mobile _
maybe next contest ill invest in making it available to everyone i just lost 2 followers for some reason.
even the ac30? i could have taken that off your hands!
the friendly tea shop lady passed away cant believe it
bad dayy
jus wolf up but still layin in bed lol and im missio her allot
grrrrr its snowing i hate it when its cold!! it sure doesnt feel like spring
the snow hit me in the eye and literally made me cry
it occured to me that i think my biggest problem is i dont have any kind of reliable support system. insert suicidal thoughts
my husband gets a nap. i dont.
they didnt do a good job with mine either
hahah no where near enough snow for a snow day. just enough for cold. plus pitt never has snow days
i havent seen marley amp me, but, im pretty sure its marley that passes away
chillin in my room an listening to music. boring day! i want to see you right now.
down to 2 packs of moroccan mint tea...and a whole truckloads of kenyan tea.
gettin ready for the wedding love my new pumps but they are too big s ugh this gonna be a problem tonight.. xd
its getting yukkie and chilly outside well outside enjoying whats left of the sun while i can
murphy went to the vet and got blood drawn today, and a shot, hes got a bandaged paw
please please im begging on hands and knees do as your next video on the go review lipglosses
smugness gone. my train also failed to turn up so im heading for victoria followed by an unpleasant tube ride to the city.
so 2day is da last gatherin da villafane residence in parkesburg b4 we sell it..after 14 yrs of livin there so sad!!
ha ha! actually i love iphoto exporter but wonder why this one does not announce on my new albums, so no one knows!!!
owell, we still have p goin to sleep now. imma he here til the wheels fall off, will you?
i could be...at coachella
typo in first line so of us some of us. not being cheeky, just helpful. im still finding them in mine days or weeks later.
yes it is and i got ripped off do not shop at wow. !!!
loving reaper. sad its prob getting cancelled
pizza night and i feel too sick
hug
im still tired i was up til 5am. gonna meet my friend at jumpin java in a lil while so i gotta up and at it!
i promised my uncle i wouldnt buy anything on itunes for a month!.. amp of course everything i want is now up for sale! ash tis new single
missing you...
ive got one of those spots that doesnt really show yet but hurts like hell and will no doubt be a beauty tomorrow
ahh s i dnt know what to say....im friends with all you guys i dnt like this
sorry i had to be the one to confirm your darkest fears
s just called to let me know hes not feeling well and probably wont be to dads bday tonight.
holy crap, its 945am and 66 degrees already. w00t! apologies to tiff who is buried under snow right now.
the ghetto safeway had shards of glass stuck to the pickle jars tonight. no more latenight pickle buying adventures.
trying to cheer up my girlfriend, because her granny is sick
awww im sorry
im loving harem pants at the moment! seriously! but not the ones with a crutch to the knee! e
im sitting at my house and im sooo not looking forward to my one class tomorrow.
feeling sorry for myself. procrastinating homework, and the boy is mad at me. feels lovely.
have fun! i, on the other hand, have a boring day. i have an exam in the afternoon.
still partying minus the crew
is sad now the guy i like is offline
hey are you still sick? i hope you get better! i miss you beyond reason! lt3
heya, whos been giving you grief?
lol yeah it has. its now raining just thought u would like to know btw dont put ur iphone in the canal, its too nice a phone!
i got bored so i slept, now im a little sad.
he does when he smiles i keep trying to get a picture when he smiles but he stops
16km on bike. im all hot n sweaty . the rem marathon continues.
poxa
has lost his ring. its nowhere to be seen
just yesterday i was wondering when youd come to philly...but im in new jersey tonight dammit
freakin throat hurts amp eyes are burning. boo think im getting sick poor me
work work work work work work
gloomy weather...again
me jealous. wish i was at home
wake up late check eat coco pops check shower check sit refreshing social networks check cleaning and ironing booooo
booo to that test i just took
isnt feelin 100 2day
at molly malones. my company is aggitated.
updating my myspace profile, i need more followers coz its a bit sad only to have one
my vagina hurts !
how come in movies when people need a drink, they take a swig and are instantly satisfied? never happens for me.
going to germany. miss my family. views great. no i did not steal that from my movie. it really is.
trying to find a tech job. cant find any entry level jobs any were. also just about every job site has more spam now then jobs.
my cat is pregnant, again. i wish i could keep pets
been playing fear 2 on housemates xbox in the dark. great game, but bit scary for little boys like me who are home alone. night
damn splash mountin at night. now im freezing
oh jesus i need some starbucks in my life right now. i was gonna be late to work if i picked it up
also i shouldve bern asleep an hour ago
i broke the zip on my trousers.
packing is always so stressfull i hate this part of moving
homeeee from vacation.. knew it couldnt last forever.
i was reading about food radiation in scientific america. made me think twice before eating those nice looking strawberries on the table
she did it again no red light special 4 me guess its gonna take another 2
cheers for the link liam..yeah ive been trying dafont all afternoon but it seems to be offline at the moment
one of the best nights of the semester. i hope david feels better though
0ht bc its a metro
oh now u wanna tweet with me,
too tired to go to work
yes babypunch is totally addictive
nemo why dont you hang out with us
okay okay, i shall go to sleeo no mom, could you please stop nagging me???
cant sleep and dunno why!
caydence hates me.
masha is alone and sad
giving up on work for this evening. urrrghh.. only a month till exams
ive got a poorly tongue after i burnt it on my chilli last night had a lovely day yday to.. thanks guys!
wondering i should have really had the coffee... now i cant sleep
my shoulder is killing me oh my god i cant even move it
em ?ang lï½m gï½ nh? ? sao ko th?y tr? l?i mï½nh
i wish i could go see day 26 today i hate suite 98 they tease all the 20 yos ugh!!!!
yeeey. but i didnt dare to do the hoedown
damn! i have missed gsoc apply deadline
two less.
just had breakfast, getting ready for road trip to egham to take prue back to uni
its been so....boring
missing coachella and how is record store day going? im in a bubble, so folks, let me know whats going on out there!
just had a mam as talk wif dad bout...shit. still underhouse arrest. basically all my trustgone
now i feel guilty for indulging
watching hollands got talent. i so wished we had a susan... i can safely say we dont
sad day manu out for the season
i actually prefer twirl but seem to be having issues with their new update. doesnt want to install on my comp.
my brother doesnt understand the beauty of headbanging. so sad
my room is a fucking mess. also, i my sisters hamster died last night
not fail baby
dollhouse hasnt aired in mexico yet, its a shame it hasnt reached high numbers, i am a huge fan of wheddons job
up at 7 am on a saturday boo! photoshoot, be back probably later tonight! xo
that was it folks, springs gone and winter is back...its snowing outside
cant say the same about quotmy faraway bridequot , i guess any creepy looking american actor will please the south asian crowd.
i think so too i always get it.
where has all the duchy originals peppermint tea gone?? down to last 2 bags with no replacements in sight
why is it snowing again ?!
.. no fair.. we ... night
damnit i was really digging this season of reaper
awww im not going out tonight i was too tired.. im hanging out at a girlfriends house
nice day out today...i am cleaning up my apt
trying to figure some things out.....my brain hurts
they just posted gracies inquest in the dorset echo..
headed home to celebrate the long life of my grandpa bittersweet.
should i be offended that all my fb adverts are about weight loss?
couldnt agree more. people keep stealing my elastic band ball
wishes she was talking to joey right now... hes the only one that seems to be able to cheer her up lately
woo back to uni 2morro! ahh exams
you dont like my coke iccee comment?
is annoyed to learn that someone else is on twitter with my name no worries they arent a fake me, its just they have my name!
damn it. i hate this stage of the breakup process. i miss the boy. we had just fallen in love. damn it. why???!!! poop.
i cant upload my picture, it keeps saying, quotits too bigquot the maximum is 700k but my pic waz only 17k. ?????????? help!
im lonely keep me company! 22 female, amarillo texas
i second that.
find the truth about that. hope is not true all.
f1 felipebaby that ruins the how many spins sweepstake
am trying to figure out how dd got 40 followers... upset is not the word
you flight to germany but not to austria why???
im sick of living in this apartment by myself...i miss home so much
missed todays ellen
itï½s so boring
missing out on wine tasting with my mominlaw. oh so sad
!!!! it was only just yesterday i saw that footscray still had hot cross buns must not be everywhere then
am trying ur suggestion. win98 fdisk running off usb can only see itself there must be some easy way to wipe the hdd quickly...
just finished henry hatsworth. do i dare start the harder difficulty?! i dare.
trying to get rid of brightness and alphas in flash. file keeps exporting with the brightness and alpha in tact.
just heard that they found sandra cantu... she was only 8 yrs old
so sore from tumbling.
i feel ya nickycole i feel sick as hell and this week has just not been going my way. either way cant wait to share a ...
lol it was epic pwnage but i had to go
fuck. i feel a hell of a lot worse today
so rylee,grace...wana go steves party or not?? sadly since its easter i wnt b able 2 do much but ohh well.....
work is dragging... pretty tired only got about 2 and a half hours sleep
too much grape last night
im at the vet with my chandra. bless her heart her tummy is bloated.
is new to this madness..and sick of the library
arizonaaaa! japannaly hhhahaha now you canï½t go thursday! you bitch! jk hahaha
yay! sj will be on come to play. kibum is of course missing and so is teuk
i think i should not use twitter as i offend people unintentionally
chyeahhhh my shoulders, back and legs all hurt atm
is so cold!
doing absolutley nothing
itll be a sad day for endemol.
i might hit up club essence in beaumont tonite!! my dj go dj jboss spinnin!! but look at the weather
stephen just left, i miss him sooo much....
is really really tired
sleepy time with my pup daisy...i hope her leg isnt too sore tomorrow, maybe swam a little too much
aww no fair, you didnt check the pic i sent you
apparently one is not to take a b12 pill without eating first lol
he said he would call me sometime tomoro to let me know how things are and if everyones okay... but im still worried.
i am going to have to get up early to finish working on my presentation! so much still to do
up and at work after a late night watching the game. state lost
really let down by gossip girl...its all i have to make my mondays good and all they give are reruns...
cant smell tyson any more ...
yeah theyve got you every which way
is the worst girlfriend in the universe!
yes lawwy i sat on it i aint knoooo
im so jealous you are in disneyland
ahh! its been raining all day! got like 15 in. of rain ,so sadd but went to go see atl. made it soo much better fo sho.
eating breakfast, work at 1....
awake but still so tiered
has caught either the flu..or a cold....so far symptoms are consistent with a cold...xam on mon o wish i could defer
we lost thats okay because were in the quarterfinals, but its the number one team. yikes! so, for what its worth quotgo bruins!quot
76 in a few minutes, then going to bed. since eric hates me and wont run around with me
two hours late for school. guess gotta go for make up again
mornin! babes hella pissedhungry! op. in 2h no food since 9pm! feel bad fully dug empty can outta recycle lookin me like wats good!?!
haha... i was painting downstairs while watching family channel. now i dont know if your up and i am slightly bored as well..
i am having my coffee. i see frost on the car windows i suspected there would be some this am. i hope i am not so tired today.
i miss the glass house but thankfully pretty much every moment of it has been uploaded onto youtube.
ugh saturday night fail. maybe when matt gets out of that club we will do something after. maybe. i need to get outta this state of mind
too tired for tonight
the news... the pronounciation...
i want some uplifting trance asot400
wat part of tn plz say memphis
i remember when i was your tennis partner
i just saw your tour dates and now i am sad..you come to houston two days before i get home from vacation
dont judge me early this morning!!! lol im sad, i cant really roll out like i want bc my car is low and its raining bad
yeah! i think thats a bit mean
sore throat.
that new rick ross cd a, a due to that terrible tricky stewart thedream feature. and im a tricky stewart stan.
baaaahhhh better luck next time blues...
oh no is it the laundry powder maybe? im allergic to some and since jeans are usually so fitted it makes it worse
isnt sure how much she will use this blocked at work
am really tired of doing stuff by myself!
have fun without me
jeez, i was just trying to help haha.
nawong how do i go about getting access to idzr.org im dying to try it out
oh no! how did i only just find this out?! im sad now
agreed
listening to frank turner curled up on the sofa with puffy eyes and a cold
i am equipped with new music, including the best of meatloaf w 12m quoti would do...quot couldnt find 17m version wooha
my lip ring fell out while i was sleeping and i didnt notice it till now and it hurt really bad putting it back in cuz it healed a little
drinking a nuun lemon amp lime electrolyte tab drink. its not sweet enough
cant sleep but im still feelin like a piece of shit
gp ?? but honestly what are you doing ?? all that good work getting your body clock round to normal time ruined
worst day at school 2day i hate ellen and jaime there soo horrible
almost done the clothes got a lot of cups decorated but not finished yet still in my towel wrap doing chores........yay being home alone!
silver.
ohhh i am so jealous i miss city island
you got a new place in west vil? now we can hang out actually. oh wait you work too much
blahhh, my throat is sore amp i keep coughing. i hate being sick
your discussion looks really pertinent amp interesting. want in, but have so much to do
dat suckz
ugh where tje glass was pulled out of my foot still hurts.
what a lame friday!! i need a vacation
nobody has replied to any of my updates well one guy did once, asked me when mothers day was a while ago but no one else
so friggen jealous of sarah. bradie webb was talking to her!
she left me again
is sad coz alisons leaving england to france tonight
it wont be for long. more rain and wind coming
sneaky were awesome last night. feet so sore today
better get your auto feature ironed out. that blast of advertisements was nothing less than industrial strength spam!
feels bad watching the arsenal chelsea highlights with her dad not knowing whats coming hes so excited..
i wish i actually could have made it there
thinking....why did i get sucked into another one
stuck at home i watch way to many border patrol programs..watching a new zeland one now. what the hell is maf?
hi steven! man its only been a week and im already behind on school work
why oh why do i watch videos of people dying right before im going to sleep?
i wish i were playing reindeer games up at fowler...
... youre too kind! but, alas, i was a spectator and not a participant.
need some help?! want to buy a macbook pro, but still inlove with my old powerbook!
good morning! ready 2 go, but i want 2 go back 2 bed
wishes that objc2 had namespaces.
wants to know where her edward is...
i cut my finger up while drumming with my shoes on state street.
morning sarah, i had a crappy nights sleep too,full of strange dreams when u dont know if your awake or asleep!
itchy eyes...grass being cut...ohoh.
sounds like how my mouth and stomach gang up on me wrt tea, too.
i dont even know anymore. goodnight.
what is going on with my yankees, are you kidding me?
re drunk tweeting. i cant even drunk irc, let alone drunk tweeting. iapparently i havent lived
that sucks.
feel tired amp hopeless, wanna crawl back in2 bed amp sleep zzzzz, gonna finish up some homework first tho! haha, i hope this week goes fast!
is pisses off, legs feet in loads of pain, running from a old man who tryed too trash our tent o
btw, fights were pretty disappointing.
but i dont wanna be awake yet
some guy just pissed on my foot...1 reason to not wear sandals to the bar no matter how warm it is.
woahh, im like so tired. mrrrhhh, twitter on my phone doesnt work
back to work!
theres a new kind of starburst favereds. sounds fab, bc cherry and strawberry are my fav reds but they added watermellon and its yucky
was going to sleep in, but woken up by r4wk to kill a spider. i did, and now feel kinda guilty this morning smells wonderful!
tuesday is a raining day, again
i know its bad, and will be painful, but i really want that jaw surgery, sucks that braces cant even fix my underbite.
just got hit with something sick as a dog with less than 48 hours before i am supposed to fly with lucia to texas....
green trends is now finishing my hair cut in record time. just 6 mins. tells me some bad facts abt my hair ?
well, im not going to see the composurecavashawn tomorrow but every one else should!
dont want to leave college
i wish i could have been there! im bummed hope you had a good time!
doesnt get to meet john green today
as you wish.
only if you were standing around at the venue 6 hours before doors
mysak just left to go back home i didnt think i was very attached but apparently i was. i wanted to pick him up and never let go again.
in perth on holiday...but im missing my boy xx
stressin...flight in 8 hours
hey you said matt was gonna go all ballistic... i was disappointed good ep tho mostly
i cant see ur cakes bb i will check later
feeling kinda hot. going to bed early tonight
sims 2 shut down on me again.
is at home today...not very well again
gah im so crazy tiredd from work
uggggh.....my head hurts
oops. this stop was not calculated. still in tennesse
poor dad still not home
the love of my life turned 23 last week amp i just greeted him now i am a horrible love of his life.
hmm, looks like twitter is trying to catch up too, it keeps saying its over capacity
my word processor doesnt work. so i have to type this crap in a stupid email.
watching spiderman 3. batmans better. but not on
stephen staying home today, since i70 is closed to the mountains... no skiing still a happy day!
just watched this weeks episode of house. oh my god it was so sad made me cry.
once again i am locked down in kitrell hall on a beautiful day working on a case study sometimes i wonder why i am a pharmacy major?????
and then there was one me
tried to get tickets but they were sold out! but ill be listening. have a good one!
i feel really sucky right now
throat is so raw she cannot sleep....
wow you filled my whole page up with is the twitter king! now im having to go searching for tweets
sorry about the readathon spam, everyone. sadly theres nothing we can do
ah im at work. sucks
its always at this time that i dont want to switch off the com
ummmm, no. no, its not im afraid
im a problem thatll never ever be solved!
im sick and broken hearted not a good mix!
gah! its 15 outside, and im stuck in this shit hole building till 600! why me!?!?
oh did you see the disaster? really an horrible situation
so i was looking forward 2 lunch bc brock brings in that 70s show, but he forgot to bring the dvds in what r we supposed 2 do now?
didnt even want to get up for work this morning. i just wasnt feeling it, but had to anyway.
yeah i am, infact the spray paint is for the mutt, i got real delayed with some problems so not finished either yet
off too work .gunna miss the lush weather .x
very sad, and i was completely surprised! , sorry it got spoiled for you. twitter does do that.
poor britney. as if its not hard enough being her, she also ust got pwned by stevie nicks...
yogurt was nice. but now petra feels bloated. gettiering ready now
wakey wakey, im bored . my dog is annoying he weights 20 pounds and doesnt want to come off of my knees
youll be there one day.
just spilled my starbucks all over my desk at work. dammit
is at work....boo....and isnt feeling very well....double boo
looked for cafe on tooting common as per suggestion. ended up in the wrong one
is watching extreme home make over and has a bad tummy ache
just over an hour till the china gp starts. sadly i will not be watching it live f1
finally met best friends fiance.
my littlebrother just got home! i miss him when im not here..
i had the exact same thought. thats one of the worst tan lines ive seen
i will. our denver event had to be postponed to next week due to storm
is very sad right now i hate life!
disco flu? is that something youd catch from disco stu? genuinely sick
im not happy. i woke up at 5.30am this morning and didnt get to sleep again till 6.45am
its amazing how many couples you see when your only one head up chest out sit up straight.....you are loved xx
i dunno, but i miss them already hope youre feeling better chiki
why do geese like to chase me
so u may all ask wht is going on over in the vt camp. well as chucko is away skiing god knows whr. myself, jack amp mike r left behind
chibi is raping his stuffed panda in the face again. he wont be six months old until next week. i didnt raise him to be like this
ahhhh chipotle! the nearest chipotle is the one in downtown cs... 102 miles away from me.
dear , why do i have to wait for it to reset and have a limit on getting tweets? can you eliminate that problem?
you called me meany first!
you are very suspicious of spring, my friend. my status has changed, i am rested and ready for warm but cloudy day.
i know! so sad..
wants his hat back
why are the link colors not changing? even though i edited them in settings?
just got my presentation done, 23 slides done... im crying for this week will be the hardest of all weeks.
if theyre not showing, ill just have to resort to their live ticker. at least its better than hearing 2nd hand news.
dont wanna talk about w he broke my heart ... just he broke my heart !
your not thinking of selling are you?
flicking back and forth between sox and bruins game....and packing
citibank wont send me my payee confirmation number so i cant pay for my rent or my socks
do i even bother watching rh? its so shit now
that does look good. if only they had scratch and sniff internet.
too latee asot400
i hope youre not ignoring me on aim
babies a bit sick poor honey. having a relaxing day otherwise in israel, enjoying all the fam.
enjoying my last mexican lunch heading back to london tonight
awesome i want one where do you get them from? i can never find any x
wow. i wish i couldve gone! that sounds awesome. we couldnt get there.
good to hear that we have support in netbeans. but then its netbeans you know
im sorry!!! so how are you?!
in the uk you need an appointment to go to the apple store!
this is the first time since weve been married that i wont be sleeping next to my husband.
got to get appointment for ultrasound doc didnt pick up on it until blood tests as normally prob for obese peeps....and well im not.....
hello to all of my new followers! im ashley amp here is a random fact about me ive never seen the entire e.t. movie. he terrifies me.
going off to bed, gots to open pbread then closing appdizzle, the usual saturday. no free time.
i thought i found another tweet from someone who also loved mongolian.. but it was my own
prom dress shopping with katie and riley. i miss andrea
i hate working on saturdays
my first post is a rant inhales deeply damn you korea! hurry up and unify preferably tomorrow before i hand in my essay! cont..
i just dropped off joaquin at the train station i hate him working weekends
stop showing off unfair!
omg i want to see her...i didnt know they put the tour dates out yet....tix are kinda expensive though
why wont twitter let me change my picture?
the code never leaves me alone. uggg. i was planning on gardening, but i think the code will eat my time today..
id really like to visit the new yankee stadium to see it up close and personal. cant really see it on tv..
trying out this new eucerin lotion for my hands. its pretty awesome, but costs about 2.50 an ounce. ive got the recessionitis
hahah yes hes so cute and he has the most gorgeous face ever!!! hahha
finally out of work. my back is a fucking wreck.
eek! holiday! spelt wright wrong! why is the english language so confusing?? i mean write!!
sooo im an alcoholic!!! lol! no more drinking!!!!! i need ur support
stuck at corrines. cant find deejays fuckin keys. oh lord.
ugh... trraaffiiic...
watching old videos of dance team and such... makes me miss it
i miss you!
best place to be! much better than a silly office although it is sunny out so a beer garden would be great right about now!
why cant i sleep like her
argh why did the linux people have to call their task scheduler quotatquot? makes it impossible to search for help with
i would love to hang out but sadly, i am not going to the show
theres some serious lag between whatever you are using for fb and the twitter reposting of it...
is bored and havent a clue what to do
lol i dont kno bout anything so im stuck here im bout to jus buy drinks and get talkative
i aint never been to a concert of his all cuz of my mama.
via argh. driving into london today. made a wrong turn at kingsx stuck in an extra 30 minutes of logjam traffic
dang i always miss your show
im gonna wand you to death. makes me want to roll a mage rofl also,
awww wish i could go! but its in sydney
im up, so much paperwork to do today. n im kinda getting sick not fun
i know. brian said wed go together! he went without me and i didnt have a very good night.
still want to meet a nice man who wants to have nice experiences together... missing intimacy i am!
up, and throat still hurts
dude should i stop wearing hoodies? amp poorr animals get totured,i dont like it.
telus is being a bitch and i miss being able to join ontd freely
i wanna do some sudoku. shit!
a im such a girl
watching the blazers getting their asses kicked
nawww take me to london please? cornwalls boring
snuggie bar crawl looks amazing!!!! im sorry i couldnt be there!
ooo id kill. although, i didnt get tickets and i tried all morning! but might have luck with girl from work. crosses fingers.
haha thnx 3 the heads up. weekend plans? working.. and essay writing hbu?
haha ottawa too! its effing april!!! there shouldnt be any snow
persons who read my twitter cant catch up for another week. cant talk about it here. but yeah, saaaaad.
cant find your twitter, taylor
the name was ironic when first used 10204, and it stuck now over 5 years later. of course, all irony is lost in time
blip.fm is down...im going back to normal tweeting for a while.
ehh im totally frustrated with life at the moment.
i wish i had time to figure out why my retweet button isnt working. maybe itll fix itself by the time im done with my meeting, lol.
too many assignments
it was rained out
ugh! been sick all week! somebody save me!!!
watching family matters... steve always says the saddest things...
going out with josh, of course i broke up with will but was it the right thing to do???? i feel so bad so confused...
yummy lol my laptoppp is officially dead and untill dad gets off his laptop i cant go on msn lol
i want coffee
i know people who dont even use the straps. makes me nervous
waiting for kellys call.
i want miles aldridge books.. ï½75 a book though
i am not kidding they use your id and slide it on the register, the id check is automatic, but we cant get the vote right
im just sitting here watching the soup... lonely.
do u even get to know me messages?
im so sad we all got separated last night
im cold... its 62 degrees outside and the dang air conditioner is on...wtf?!?
i think i picked the wrong program really debating my career choice....im serious.
never got that phone call... lol
thanks! pms suck!
khb count low today despite the changing weather.
morning!! im baggered! been the gym then off to work later
as if you wont tell me
aww well im new anyway, so im not much fun to hang out with on there, since my level is so low lol
i miss my room in pasig.. i have no place right now to take sps
my ipod just broke.
at the movies. seeing hannah montana. i couldnt convince malena to see anything else. lol
flickrs not letting me view it says its private
sleep soon... i just hate saying bye and see you tomorrow for the night.
mornin twitterlings! i am tired. dont want 2 get out of bed, but must catch earlier train
tweetdeck crashed again i dont think it likes vista64
why do i have to go to the sitty job more often than the nice one
morning darling, this is getting to be a bad habit, you arriving as im getting ready to leave, xxxx
also too much candied ginger, agh. it was supposed to be for curing motion sickness on the bus, boo.
talking about graduation n moving out with my mom makes me sad
sorry, was getting ready. going to leave at 8am today.
car looks better for a clean, apart from now i can see all the dents, scratches, stone chips...and all the bits i missed!
watched i am sam, and i criedd
wait hold on....that was how much had downloaded ...i was looking the ie download box that i havent seen in like two years
i fell tired, i want to sleep, but im almost done with some work, and i need to go to the bathroom
so... tired... god i hate the new job, and only two days in
have fun shopping ... but bear in mind the horrible forex truth
rankings dropped for the keyword quotbuena park businessesquot from 5 to 8
oh man, it was the most sad ever.
is quiet upset as my bf gave me the flick via a text message and now dont have the guts 2 tell me why or vn talk 2 me!!!!
it makes me really sad to see my mom cry
spring cleaning today
gareth, all of are tuned, it but they are not broadcasting main stage, which kinda sucks, so we wont get to listen to u
how have you watched it? i tried the youtube link but it wont work!
good luck with your mri hun, thinking of ya! they are yukky things!
lying in bed with a banging headache
glad she rushed to floor barre for no reason!
are you ok!?
lol i caint keep up with this...been away and i missed out on ashton and demi getting the 1,000,000 followers
packing, but i dont want to go. hahahaha, 3 days
urgh look outside its winter wonderland all over again
can not get motivated to go train.....
it killed too many of my brain cells
ive been accused of being a biscuit fascist because i said viennese biscuits werent working class
dont have any hot water....
just posting about my first time with the wiifit its okay...but not what i thought it was going to be
i wish the fan event in tulsa was not during my college graduation miss you guys!
its cold out and my breakfast sandwich is hard
where can one get a marshmallow gun?? i dont think you can get them in ireland!!!
youre really into the us armed forces! lol though i didnt see any army posters
no phish tix
enjoyed wrestlemania and would much rather be at home then being stuck at work
fan of sleeping then ? hows sonny with a chance coming along in the us it hasnt started in the uk yet
waste of time, this function. and fight with dear friend. should have stayed home, after all.
the theater was such bad ya have no ideia how much bad it was...
is at beso in hollywood... so tired
can u pls put up a pic in my default section... this crap is overwhelming... im going to bed. lol
at my mama jis place.. everybody keeps giving me new options to study or work now. i get more confused with each passing day..
lt this sad face is saying theres no such thing.
woke up today to snow on the ground i thought spring was here! going to classes and spending the rest of my life in the ceramics studio.
homework....and pe project
almost finished lego indy but have been grinding the last 2 achievements for hours
the one day i have to go to school is the same day something exciting happens at parliament square
yay! im happy for you with your job! but that also means less time for me and you...
feeding ava a new food! ava does not like pears
seating here helping my baby with his papers...well he is forcing me too seat with him im sleepy
yeah, well my son is 10 and its like he is 34 6 year olds some times but we are in therapy with him. i am hoping that helps
is bored at work..
i want to be outside working in the garden, but its raining and im sick.
maybe a broken mbp from ebay? one with a broken screen or something. good luck.
knows im sick if i dont want coffee
4real...im so mad i bought it
most random night ever, last day at the birch tomorrow..
same with me
at work.....and its snowing
monster.com website is down
leaving the beach now got some nice pictures but sadly wasnt inspired enough to draw anything
really hungry and sad that i had to throw my breakfast in the bin
wife just called with my 2yr old on the phone. woke up and wanted daddy.
nopers i didnt get your message. i cant send any dms to ya. i dont think you are following me.
im lonely keep me company! 22 female, detroit michigan
miss talkin to you, dave
thats just what my face looks like.
working as always
sad that chuck just lost
im sad bc is the only reason i got twitter and he doesnt reply! good night folks!
i canquott figure out how to twitter from my phone
i am so full from the pot luck dinner i ate
i think is ignoring me...ive asked her a couple of questions lately and she just doesnt answer...
ooops.. i had a bug but i fixed it.. try that tiny url again..
blimmin heck im slightly tired! and i still didnt see no otalia
earth day service project was horrible lol
bed time. work noon tomorrow. i miss mary already
just woke up from the most vivid, sketchy, notcool dreams of my life. time to stare at the wall with the lights on.
still no phone. bukas pa raw in the afternoon... oh well, i survived 7 days, whats one more... day... another day, another destiny
minus out the sand im envious...wish we could go to the beach sometime sorry you were sick that day amp had a sand blowing day
im missing my best friends. i miss our fun times together. i love you guys and i miss you so much
so sad to here you so sad of late...i anxiously await are reuniting
of course i want to go! but im far
sorry! bed time came here gmt1
awww i love my baby cant think about being without her i even hate leaving her in the morning to go to work
leaving mexico in a few hours it was an amazing trip cant wait to come back!!!
i brought everything with me but left my ann pass at home. are we going to disney after ikea?
haha, i have snot power too......1 week and counting!
i feel neglected now
im doing the time warp without you and am sad.
filled with curry the true indian in me is coming out
reading the island of red earth by elizabeth haran... i dont rlly lk it but ive 2 read it 4 skool by the way schools starting in on ...
yes! i hate the postrave come down! haha! when its all over asot400
im boring i really dont understand how to use this
sounds good. im still working thru easter chocs
i miss you guys all so much!
awww man. schedule conflict licks finger and flicks page
trying to patch wow and the patch i need is on gamearena but their sucky servers time out on download...
sofa, a film and a pizza.. thats what i want fir this evenings entertainment, alas..
if she has never quothandledquot an autistic kid before, dont feel bad! she probably had no clue.. ?
a few good men is on... its making me homesick
man, i had to get off the phone with david
work till 10
i think sometime in may? since exams are early this year i dont think its in june idk but ticks are on sale and i have no date
stuck at secaucus junction for another hour and a half until our train comes.
sick at home the worst part is i cant even play guitar hero world tour... my life sucks...
aww did you guys win any events?
aww i got all excited then
white sofas are definitely amazing! couldnt have them with a kid on the way though
arrrrg it must be bad mcdonald burger king always hire
i cant sleep. its too windy and scary out.
making up sooooo much work
one word to sum up today oh wow its not even a bloody word.
why?
no! the bb thing is starting so sad. i think i am going to die x
i thank everyone for following me. i am on twitter most of the day, i am unemployed at the moment
gonna be a hard day... not sure about this exam
back home, in bed, sick as a dog, wishing i had someone to take care of me....
youre right and coca cola seem like polar opposites in ethical terms will innocent become like sunny delight?
still in the business plan meeting.. too many back to back presentations
now, back to quotworkquot
when are you leaving? no money yet
finally heading to bedgotta work at 8
yea i am working tp hack my server to do the 12player thing for folks
back after spending a couple of days with my sis and her family. its now raining should be doing something about the ironing.
does this mean youre leaving isp?
too bad its true, for the most part
worlds worst record for phone breaking cleared my phone again. send pins and numbers pleaseee.
i have a cold thanks to montreals stupid weather
damn i wish im there asot400
riry is being a pain and nomming on my hand. should not have sprayed her with that cat nip mist as a joke. now she is craaaazy
sunday today blaahhh .. work tomoro so quiet night
yeah i figured it would. dont mean it to be snobby just that the purpose of rcc is negated when its way overpopulated.
.i wont be going to the aday game if its raining because of the pathetic noumbrellarule in bryantdenny. and it is raining now.
babe hope u ok, ill call u once im done, work was swamped
oh just saw that, been in la all day
i wish i could meet you but youre alll the way out in los angeles lol
me too i feel the need to know how much of an odious tit jody is.
this is absolutely soul destroying.
grrrr, stupid fail whale is not letting me update my twitter icon. and now i have nothing
ouch
just went to see phil and fern in all star mr and mrs...utter legends! quotdoggy dos!quot man i love them! cant believe fern is leaving tm xx
what a bad day for my teams...celtics and arsenal
oh ,i am so sorry...i am confused about what you are asking. maybe go into the forums on cp. they are very helpful!
i feel unloved. dropped 2 tweeters
i need somes twitter followers
wish my czats would know that on sunday people has the right to sleep late
i know i dont know why i said that
hates his pills, oh god why do they have to taste so fuckin horrible. 0,5 liter of coke to flush them down isnt even enough
doh! at least youre getting a decent exchange rate at the moment, sterling is still getting flogged
are japanese and spanish similar...? cuz they sound like it stupib neighbors...
wow good deal on that xbox, to bad its out of stock
wish i was there
wide awake for no good reason
back home. had fun, but not fully destressed
the worst part about this is i left the cutest earrings at their house amp now ill never get them back
just called hillsong again they said they couldnt tell me where i was on the waiting list i dont know if its looking so good
cant figure out how to load a picture
arrrggghhh, and i hadnt seen last nights episode yet! pity to lose you, though.
sorry hear that! off to the dreaded dentist
a walk to remember
trying to get the website completed.... long days
that link isnt working
craving for berry strawberry ice cream... again...i officially hate the selecta gold series commercial!
so bored. need something to do on a friday night.
that sounds horrible. its nice and sunny down here in florida
its still very early in the season, but a cards loss to the cubs always sucks...
i hate my mom!! i need to see demi!!
at home with a headache brush creek dr amp jupiter rd
its at 900 but ive gotta be there 15 minutes before.. so very early!! my sisters boyfriends doing it the same day
no not that i know of. i should annotate it. the slides are minimal and dont contain all the good bits lol
had to leave relay early unfortunately, homework takes precedence over having fun.
just ate the last of easter
everyday this week!! usualy i get them like 3 or 4 times a week but its been rough this week xxx
missing his babe! i just want him to come back home and lie in bed with me..
seriously trip isnt going as planned i wanna have fun but im stuck between a rock n a hard place ugh dammit just wanna have fun
working at uni.. red bull and a packet of sultanas for dinner
i think hates me
greaterlansingwelcome back party for the spartans! breslin center, 1045 this morning! team arrives about 1115 a.m. wish i could go
jusst got homee,
stupid blackberry. my memorys crap
ugh back to work
good luck with the big meeting. i hope the rumour mill is wrong.
my baby just went home
getting ready 4 work
glad to be home! back to our super busy life!! feel like im missing my right arm without aj! 2 more days!!!!
not good.....munchkinster is not feeling well
a person whos genuinely interested in english, filipino, programming, and teaching should make that paper. oh wait, thats me.
i have no idea how to comment to people...
solen var inge varm
my quotstuff your face with nothing but fruit all morningquot diet has been severely thwarted by the fact that were out of fruit.
im lonely keep me company! 22 female, corpus christi texas
argh. forgot my ibuprofen
i woke up late for work. again.
ohhhh shittttttt please dont say kimis cars gonna go bang
ugh school i hate you. why do you make me get up so early?
what a fucking douche ...idgaf if he said sorry ... it was so mean ..and it hurt me
old people talking about dopers who steal anything thats not bolted down...i never want to be old
three am. no sleep
i spent the whole morning practicing piano. i now have to try and get through 40 terms for my history notes. _
why does absolution have to be closed on my days off work?
chewing gum being bored together and ian ruined the texas surprise
getting ready for the eve ahead one last beer with dax before he facks off
ahh, this is how you reply!! i had all these random followers and now i dont how sad haha.
there were times in twilight i thought edwards eyebrows were a bit too dark, i was hoping they would fix it
i have a competition im gonna look like crap
is really hating this being alone thing but i am not going to settle this time, i deserve the best!
this is messed up, possibly to block the sling box with any service that atampt is going to offer
exam panic begins now? plz just let everything fall into place
.. sad to hear about the discovery of the little girl from tracy. her poor family
apparently got both parents sick. oops.
i do have a big head
silly govt grant, havent paid me yet
y is it that when u have the best intentions that people want 2 stab u its so hard to keep it together when ur blood runs cold
need 2 get ass in gear! wana go away 246 bt nt sure where cairo amp uk maybe bt may b able 2 go earlier bt wont no til 85
feeling better but still not feeling 100
wishing i could fall asleep grrrrrr
doesnt want to clean daddys yacht, or write his dissertation. he wants to plan a fortyfive minute magic show.
sorry to hear about your loss. there have been many this year so far.
is watching a wall come down and protecting a bad back from the rigeurs of another daily grind
is all achey. i hope im not getting sick off to bed.
working on a blog idea. too many things to choose from and not enough mechanisms that reinforce our choices. we design for short run
guess im not cool cant make the ivaa summit, but hope to follow some live tweets. hashtag anyone?
aww i know i felt like that yesterday at work
the gulf of biscaje. where i tasted luxury for the first time... i think it fucked me up... photo
lots done yesterday, but never got out! leaving computer now to make sure today is not the same! anohter nice day here in ny!
i never made lta hrefquot alarm clockltagt work
i seem to be lossing loads of followers at present have i said something wrong
am seeing so much clutter everywhere?... need to find some new storage space or some type of solution...help!
hope u find it or at least get a new one. cheer up!
no ones following me!
chocolate milk. i feel sad that updating this may be pointless at times.
i want someeeeeeeee!
is very tired and has no energy as she has the cold
mr twitter what r u doing? i cant send direct messages anymore!!
oh no noo major headache
milk is so long! i am getting sleepy... it needs to be over. i feel as if i am going to need a tissue or two by the time this is over
does not like labrador retrievers big, barky, scary dogs. give me a good corgi or wellbehaved mutt!
my hip is killing me!
my friend and i were like 20 meters away and we didnt see u!!!! gosh were so stupid! plus, we wanted autographs
nab didnt pass on the cut. i wonder what anz will do now.
italian lesson now! bored!
staying at a friends house...house sitting, neighbors are so loudhaving a party
i already missed ca for a lot of reasons. sigh and now i want to be there even more. now im nostalgic.
noooooo the orioles beat the yankees 105 need to get to bmore to see derek jeter!!!!
now has a hurty wrist and a hurty eye falling apart at thirty!
very sad charlton athletic have been relegated. will have a drink to console myself
i need either a new phone with all the cool crap on it, or a good digital camera....
no travoradio this morning. blipfm is down.
it is for the sw. only 4 crabs and a pistol shrimp in there now, we had a toadfish calamity so it is currently a fishfree zone.
its 1 am. i keep wanting this more and more. i really need to go to sleep, im getting to caught up
yeahh my mood is jst overtaking the fun of the party. im outttt
where is everyone
of course i had to get one
i guess thats nobodys business but the turks!
i should actually go to sleep. i need to get up early tomorrow to do actual work since i have an assignment due amp an exam monday. fail.
tie bar! i missed it on wednesday.
updated my blog.. too bad it has to be private
oh johnnie, i guess we just werent raised in an environment where every thing we did was special poor us
is frustrated that rudd cant facilitate private enterprise investing in our broadband infrastructure..instead he needs to waste our money
nope pretty sure thats me haha
paypal is telling me to look at a guide for ipn.that guide tells me to look at another guide.the 2nd guide tells me to look at the first.
just chillen by myself while jenna is hagin with her brother up stairs
i feel for you...boston and rain should not go together
decided to rejoin aerobics cos i know i wont exercise if i dont. after paying for it, i only have rm3 left in my bag
i know i asked erin if she remembered any boys ones yep skulls
underworld will be down soon
ako sa lahko a lacno dostat ku knihe normana fairclougha analysing discourse?
i think alfred is dead but im too scared to check
id hug you, too! poor frumph.....
its overrated
guys i g2g ill be back later..peace!!!! lt3 asot400
the anniversary is a success, but behind the scenes, everything is a disaster
i caught the 5 o clock one. just got to epping. you must of got the next one
has much to do today before her housewarming party! and she stupidly picked up a shift a month ago and will be hosting til 9 hopefully.
loved legally blonde! need the soundtrack so i can memorize the songs! miss my family. mentally preparing to return to the real world!
a french vanilla capp sounds really good right now. too bad i dont have one
again back to ubuntu 8.10 form fedora
cant find any friends here
oh i dont like the first few chapters out of new moon, lol. when will they come back?
im sorry
im sorry i had to miss it out there i have to work
is there a way to save a copy of a pm sent through access? i dont think it saved the one i just sent.
fuck, school tommorow
i wish lol theres like 12 friend requests and the rest is just pure junk
i have my confirmation wednesday but seriously it was soooo long today haha like 8 hours.
on mobile web... wont let me dm !!!!
pastor david blew the roof off the place this morning in the message!! pastor tom is headin home now 1229time!
im not ready for today
hey so steph texted me this morning and said that they would be picking me up around 4
hot zombie black chick got her head bashed with a fire extinguisher.
sitting home wishing he would just call me
i have a bit of a hangover amp alot of crap to do!!!!! bummer
has to cancel all plans for the day having strep throat puts a damper on my plans!!
no before and after was just radio2 staff but i loved the whole of that show i laughed my socks off throughout the 3 hours!
it is, but alas, i am stuck inside doing college work x
trying to get various family members to commit to seeing u2 in vegas. not having much luck
i am so sad kutner was my favorite of the new team!!
going to a birthday party for a 3 yr old today that used to be in my class daycare.wish the rain would stop
i just found out that max headroom wasnt really cg! just latex amp foam prosthetic makeup and a fiberglass suit. ... like a jackelope!
omg there is a super massive bee downstairs, my phobia is kicking in big time and i cant go downstairs unless i know its gone! help!
watched marley amp me finally....oh boy...cried like a babythough owen wilson would not have been my pick for grogan
thursday i am doing nothing. is working though we can still hang out though. what are your easter plans
isnt it justtt? ive lost him now. oh, woe is me.
truck went in the shop in denver, leaking radiator fluid student prolly not gonna stick it thru no likee da lifestyle.
still at work
its raining and i have to work.
no, thats not him in the picture. i dont have any pics yet
my sister and the kids left this morning.
ack, doesnt seem to work anymore was an awesome tool!
sarah and i think it looks like something from a horror movieso creepy im emailing you right now!
.... im hungry but im scared to eat cause im bloated
last week i was late to the dr...this week they are running late amp i forgot my book!
yesterday was a bad day. found bernie mac died last year where was i??
is not happy to be at work on this gorgeous day
no ps cast agauin???
spring break in plain city... its snowing
okay, mother nature, you win. my winter jacket is back on today.
im so sad i know its fun!
scroll back a few hours, you missed a whole lotta jon
that must have been really awful.
is tired
i have a pain that will not go away. exacerbated by hanging out with friends. not cool. ow.
have to wait 45 minutes for the next bus home i need my own car so bad...
would you give me the link to your twitpics? i didnt bookmark it before.
pobre cellphone, please charge!
checked out the new arcade in temecula. it sucks. no house of the dead 3 or street fighter
is at work, thinking how much graveyard shift sux
pissed. i wanna see my friends more than anything in the world right now,
ouch ive smashed it so hard bad words came out of my mouth and it was jet black amp sore for months
work then who knows
i miss my bcd friends
checked every housetree in the neighborhood... no loki cat
stou site not update, no info about 22552 exam, and open course, i must wait for mail notices and doc. um...
sayyyy whaaaa? i wasnt invited...
i find that, in this age of internettery, this is how you perfectly express sorrow and empathy for anothers pain
sorry...i was rooting for them too...
its a good thing delnegro knows his shit, hunwick could have died
isnt seeing the dead anymore?
its evening here in india! right now, studying for exams!
im doing well! its beautiful here and im stuck in class but going out tonight shall be fun! how are you??
couple of mt texts didnt arrive here
im just a girl, with a dream that got the best of me.....
done at the gym. was good. but then i say myself in the mirror and was really glad that we were leaving.
today was a less interesting day on twitter. , , and were all kind of quiet today
laptop died on me yesterday have to reinstall, but its the perfect time to try out windows 7 beta
nt far i want to go c the boat that rocked but no one will come with me nd im nt travelling 2 canterbury on my own
really now, time for sleep. dreaming of my city, more tattoos, and other great things. waking up to early morning sociology
yes i am. my grandchildren 2 boys and 1 girl are spending the weekend. its raining. were inside
is fucked to go back to ic
read it on ohnotheydidnt. not sure if its true. but ill be very sad if they do.
lost our first baseball game today. not so happy
dear april hall, if you didnt mary toby alvillar i may just scream. although ken kamata needs the love sheesh.
im there with you. of course, when i get home, i dont feel that way anymore.
good morning..... up at 530 am. couldnt sleep
working on the etsy and artfire shops...man, people are going to start hating on me soon with these tweeted etsy updates...
i dont have much swag, sorry ill get you something at the coop. its open special on sunday
im losing faith where is d at
my brother hit the cat with his car and now burger is suffering from a cracked hip.
at airport having a glass of wine while waiting for flight....without my gooder
its been a long day, now im sleeping alone.
at work w asma3 nawal in fe obeerate alwatan tv
still at 151 disappointed with how badly 256kbps shoutcast works on my phone over 3g
well, no girl of my dreams of tonight
thanks for shout out for my kids ashley and edwin
i...wish
at home now. didnt wanna leave bestfriends house it was fuuuunn gonna go now. goodnight twitter.
38.4 miles in 240. 14.4 avg. i am out shape
couldve been worse. couldve been better. got to go back in a week.
tired of typing...and im not near being done
mama bear i miss you
i hate school right now! you are lucky you dont have to go!
yeah, sorry to spoil it for you. it was a v good ep, but very unexpected to me you should def catch up.
bbutton ring fell off needa replace one asap
is having the worst springbreak ever! and the worst part, its only tuesday morning this is going to be a looong week.
what a shame! you cant type persian with tweetdeck so bad cos its a good app
12 hours of my sons baseball tournaments today. no twitter backgrounds today maybe i can get some good nature photos while out and about
yes
figures how does a canadian get past the quotnot available in your areaquot to see eminems posted video??? any ideas on that??
fucking roadworks out the front of our house
hows the weather? here its raining a lot
setanta has now encrypted on sky
im the dumbest person alive!
wow! i got sick out of nowhere and now i cant think straight....and mtv hasnt posted the hills online, wtf!
is hoping this tummy ache from too many cookies will go away soon. thanks brady
just had a tonne of sad news today
my back hurts need to upload my photoshoot pictures!
its too nice to go to work
have to wake up in four hours. why dont i sleep?
ugh this lame !!!
been with o2 for 18 months now. in need of phone upgrade. iphone comes to ï½500 over contract life need smartphone with cheapo talk plan!
thanks you!! how ya been? i forgot to do one this friday
lol. it should be in the upper 70s here this cold is just wrong.
i so hate homeworks . my head hurts so bad
first really nice full day of the year we were outside most of the day! kids have sunburns. that was one thing i was not thinking about.
awake after six hours. win2k desktop pc still works, but network still flaky i think usb is screwed up or something.
you know those earphones that come with ipods? mine stopped working.
how do you rise up? id love to but i feel so empty atm
i liked kutner house
wowzer. so u not gonna come see me? i could bowl!
hes leaving on a jetplane...
baby, it makes me feel sick looking at those buzzing bees........................
watching tv. viking soln not yet for me
is bored at work
who made this mess?! oh yea, i did crap. cleaning...
dear jesus please dont let me to blind
i have the craziest dreams ever.. . i do not want to go back to work today
its soooo fin beautiful outside! clear skies, sunny and hot ass hell! too bad i dont have a life here!!! lol
is covered in sweet tea
guess whose back l charging my ipod coz it died
goodmorning my twitters!!!! im getting ready to get my eisom tooth tooken out pray for me!! lol i dont want to go!!!!!!!!!
i better be allowed to go to sway sway baby concert or ill seriously cry
you want xd amp i miss youu already silly ilusfdm bffl. lt3
lol omg dont tempt me! i just started p90 2 hours ago. i need to at least be good for a day! shoulda asked me yesterday
everyone is good...brought them into the station to meet my favorite nancy loo and you were not there!
prodigy were ace last night! only managed a few hours sleep last night, not feeling myself today have a cool day guys.
theyre loosing come on guys!
lol, honeybaby, i sound like a nyquil commercial. that word only looks right with a green background. i want to sleep but i cant
really wants to see snow patrol live again, seems like months ago and it was only 3 weeks
superneej morning! bah car wont start.. waiting for the anwb....
dont know i would suggest us the site itself is registered in europe somewhere but is not eu so us would be my guess
another weekend spent in aampe with zack...
thats just great, group pic cancelled! due to this tunder storm, thanks houston
suddenly my son screaming amp crying loudly poor him maybe he had a bad dream sleep tide my love.. sweetdream please.. mom ? u
my baby is sick! this makes me sad.
oh i know! bad times. we will have a twitter convo tonight!!! its been a while...
...well i played a nice game of battlefield heroes but ive now been told to clean my room
i still dont understand can you get me up to date, please?
i cant eat zaxbys anymore... too much acid reflux
come back to orlando again sooon! i couldnt make it to the show, sadly
its my birthday!!! too bad i have to spend it without the hubby...
just smsed sony darling..she was bit mood out tried to liven her up..couldnt do so..tried being silly,by sending some jokes,,dint work!
heh yar. and apparently most men arent creative. its a sad sad world
nevermind the buzzcocks.. wel een oude
i do too...but its hard
i love you so much mitchel, try answer me see you!
that seems to be a problem with twitters timestamps. not much we can do about it
oh wait he does have 1 in oakland on the 18th. cant understand why he only has 1 amp in oakland
this is the only thing i hate about spring .. i was fine then i walked outside today. .instant sorescratchy throat and iritated eyes!
i cant believe that its cold outside and its april! its spring, but i had a hot winter, so now im going to have a cold spring.
thought sleeping in was an option tomorrow but realizing that it now is not. evaluations in the morning and work in the afternoon!
im trying to find a suitable replacement for diet soda....but this large unsweetened iced tea is gross
dan!! i didnt see you today! we didnt get to do our group hug! boooo
not feeling well, at all, rotten head cold.
i miss u tore whore come back home
another night sitting at home, todays side effects dehydration, exhaustion, dizzy spells, head ache
my susanna banana is going to dc polo wout me u better still have money2come here this summer. i planned some stuff
im a hot mystic tan mess
its going to be a loooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooonnnnnnngggggggg night at work
yay for baseball season! boo to yankees losing their first game
i just wish i could give you a lil hug before i go back to denmark. but im leaving wed dont wanna
off to go play some badminton, then walk grandads dog, then back to revising!!!!
jeje, twitter didnï½t let you send your facebook profile as a link!
conor oberst is going to be at summerfest and i will not. gahhh.
cool , i have no tweet apps for my razr 2
what a fantastic week end did some plumbing didnt work, fitted a touch panel broke it
ever heard about jaws cms. testing it on dbr website. smf to be used as forum. revamping is a big mess and i lost all previous data
firefox 3 is so frustrating sometimes. crash every 2 minutes without notice
i suck at making jelly cakeeeee.
thinks the numbing is getting worse!! and fillings are much worse than i remember... does anyone want 7 easter eggs???! xx
heading to marsh to pick up jakobs cake for the big quotfriendquot party at bounce planet! due to soccer, other sports many couldnt make it!
whhaaat? you got dumped? thats so gay
hello world, i dont like to do physics.
i remember now! but i have horrible memory. plain out horrible. i dont even know what to say, completely my fault. again
beautiful weather in vegas when its time to leave on my way to the airport.
like most others, i do feel inclined to say... wowowowow its cold! and snow etc etc.
i accidentally put sugar in my food instead of salt, so now im eating sweet fried rice my clumsiness astounds me sometimes!!
that usually the way the cookie crumbles..bs man
got a toothache
so much pain haha. god, kayla, were stupid.
i know i gained weight, sheesh
wants to go to smc_mcr and phpnw quotreal meetsquot sometime.... not going to happen today though.
when an xbox shows those three red lights, it means its dead and needs to be fixed for a month at microsoft hq.
wass up lovely i anit show you no love yet...
vacations almost over
i want my long hair back
tpb found guilty. booerns to that. i hate to thing about the consequences of this decision.
dang near snowing, its snow flurries from sandals to boots again. crazy
watching confessions of a shopaholic and doing my homework
how was aiko? missed it being at the wescnylon party
me either....and when i do it doesnt last long. kinda sucks when the weather is nice
i have to go to court today...
very tired! had the greatest idea to go to malibu today. i guess i wasnt the only one. it took me about 3hs to get back
is wondering where the sundbergs are? all of their phones are off.
how come all i see from this link is a blank hiphop audio page?
you wont see me, considering i live 40 hours away
theres a fox in the garden hide!!!
omg you were so the person that caused the whole of the m1 to come to a standstill today? sorry bout the car btw!
finally wrapped. my body has literally broken down this evening. in bed, return of super fever
was going to clean my car but apparently its guna rain
i just cant commit the time though, my play time isnt the same as everyone elses
lovely weather outside. stuck inside.
april showers isnt supposed to mean snow. sigh
omg recap sorry you had a crazy day, laura!
this whole post con blues things really sucks. and others say it gets worse the more you go.
me too too!
thank you. hope to hit sleep soon, but have a tooth dilemma going on
12.20 and still nothing
oh no morning.!! suppose i better get ready for work
why am i home so early
hmm, this beta of nambu has ping.fm and friendfeed disabled. boo.
bored at home sitting on my laptop
a little sore from football practice.
ur as bad as
coz its cold rain
ny losing 202...it jst keep gettin worse
aww. i wont be that roommate next year!
looks great outside... too bad i have to run a remote today.
thanks for your tweet, but i am hopefully they are aware of the problem? hopefully they will quotfixquot it sooner rather than later.
... who is the person behind this page?? rest in peace to the big homie so sad... michiel jackson!
i miss my nephew and sissy. 13 more hours of the car ride back home
its maaraw already. it just took around a minute or 2.
my donkey is sensitive about such comments. nevertheless, hed and med be glad to see your mug asap. charger is still awol.
another rainy ass day in houston, i cant see him in the rain
at comic con last year someone thought i was corey feldman. i wasnt even wearing my michael jackson jacket!
are you going to come back to houston
didnt get through
where ur comment go!
im in pain with my knee.
has no followers
lmao...nope cause i was like 500 and something.
off to the city to buy paint.
beautiful morning today! perfect weather....if only i could go for a walk
yeah
pray for me please, the ex is threatening to start sh at myour babies 1st birthday party. what a jerk. and i still have a headache
means nothing to me, i still have to work sat and sun and they took my twitter away
flaming lips come to phx when i have to leave for detroit
snow in april? this sucks!
haixt ,, its been a bad day for me ,,
well at least it was guiness...it had a happy death... mine died with lemonade...
some people dont appreciate my kindd loveeeee
i hate dual carriageway roundabouts. so much.
not much time off this weekend, work trip to malmï½ frisat and today i have to go in to work as well. but its for a good cause...
theres no sound on your video just wanted to let you know.
doesnt want him to go
so you were following me at some point and i thought you were a spam thingy from geico so i blocked you. sorry georgia!
a no...especially you wthe baby hope u all are getting better. myles and i have been battling sinus stuff all week too.
is sitting at work bored sniff sniff!
i must have missed your question. sorry
i got smoke in my eyes, now they burn
is baby sitting .....
just had the guy from the insurance company over, re flooded kitchen. much chin rubbing later, its all got to be ripped out.
i feel like shiiiit too.
in pain right now. expecting more pain in due time.
trtying to get customer assistance at kmart is very difficult. apparently, no one really works here and they all just hang out.
im really really hating this season. poor felipe baby
told u not to get a boy. u broke the rules
woke up feeling naseous and headachey... went back to sleep for 3 hrs, woke up again, still icky
i thought i was going to get a night to myself for once. just me amp my book.
has insomnia and a headache
am drinking soda for the first time in...several months? o.o aha, no sugars either. doesnt make me feel less guilty, though. sigh
its not broken! its fine! its just leaking oil. its supposed to leak a bit but yeah
yayyyyy day 1 of coachella almost over. so tired
y do i always end up havin to wait for hrs on end for a certain someone to show up
being bored... not wanting to go to work... and sick yay..
its sad cause that was the last gsm company owned by egyptians, also orascom was inforced to sell its share to fc
i wanna get 93841934431984139418349134 dvds... i hope there is a good dvd store here. im a dvdaholic... and an alcoholic
coffee amp carrot cake slices... mmm, still lost for ideas for art help!
please dont leave. stay for grants bday
how long has he been gone? hope he comes home to you soon ...
theres a patch of frogblood in the garage i feel guilty, but ive stopped crying. lol. ive never killed anything before.
i dont know how i got that many followers but i think ive peaked i wish i didnt have to work tonight, drinks outsideamazing!
i dont know yet
you guys should do your acostic performance at 5! i have a championship meet tomorrow that wont end til then. cami
im cooooold
meh i am such a sucker for the girls, my 4 year old daughter has learned to play me already. jade quotdaddy pleasequot daddy cave
wtf i was just in other music and apparently right after jason schwartzman dropped in?
im getting my card in two weeks and its a solo iirc. threadless.com is already out of the question
i hope you feel better soon being ill is no fun at all.
totally let down....chuck lost in first round by tko that might be his last fight of his career. pouts
i think you spoke too soon big black rain cloud charging towards town now
this is a bad time to be hooked on twilight..........11 assignments due by may 29th
cute profile pic. but you cute sterling out
im sorry ive failed you
thats banned from my house for being trash im so weak
megafast trip, you have time during day tomweds? or, you going out tonight? want to see you bad. tried to warn you, tech fail
i love you maybe its a good thing if i dont care as much. and tell me, please, how many chances have you already had?
im lonely keep me company! 22 female, houston texas
well, activated my facebook account again... felt lonely
lol yeah kathy pwnd my nuggets...
where did top cat go?
am wishing i took easter weekend off work
not so innocent after all
wants itouch so bad
right now it hurts anytime that i move im going to take some more pills and try to go to sleep soon.
i love them too. husband, not so much. therefore, no chimes for me
hi peeps. im so bored, dont want the holidays to endddd
it doesnt sit well with me
they wont.
not feelin so hot.. tryin to lay low
everyone hates me so much
dear twitter i have no friends .
db birthday. its so hot
meeting for the next couple hours about automated building control systems
aka st georges day the universally uncelebrated national day of england
kinda scared and dont like the look of it
, hopefully it will be!!
doing one of those follow but dont get too close missions on gta, and the fool i was following drove off of the docks and died
no go on the battery at the moment, speedy is not happy having to stay in the garage this weekend
i think only girls sleep on their hands, cause i always hear of girls waking up with fs or xs on their cheeks. that sucks
clean, but it resulted in the soft top beaing soaked wet, so i couldn,t open it should be dry now
is taking her medicine again..
i feel i need a hug
is revising for his gcse exams
in class
safety car.
you passed me outside costa on old compton but it was too late by the time i thought to ask for a twitpic moment
o just got on here now got to go off
taking forever to load ... remind me later.
is lonely and has a minor sunburn. how very... not sexy at all.
hates being part of the other friends.
bummed were not in puerto rico rappelling down a waterfall,zip lining and bungee jumping with our couple boo to coming back early.
i just got my first fail whale... .
wish i could think of some fundraising tips that are justgiving related, altho fundraising not going so great tbh. am v depressed
just so you all know, it looks as if mikeyys back
i am missing england.
hey demi why do you not come to austria??? and yeah i wish you a good flight
mine too and i cant get it back
oh man, i cant see the vid. its ot available in my country.
arrrrrrgh.. i havent saved that file!
so tired. parting with my macbook for the night tomorrow is my last day of vacation
call for help if you need it. tweet when you get home.
thanks. ive seen this list but its only for usa, nothing for canada
ive got such a lot at the moment! doubt im going to get chance to book time off with the family this easter hols
has a really bad headache..or should say a neck ache..gahh and im nauseated. this sucks
is waiting for rc to come back
britain used to have talent. now we have susanboyle. sorry world. twunes ?
i had it before, but not sure it is on this phone i will check with you before then, we will go down for the weekend i think!
absolutely bored out of my mind
spring is finally here! cherry blossoms galore! such a shame they are so temporary
i dont wanna go to work!
why i cant find dear friend i need her to tweet with me ! help me people !
stack is injured are you a rowdy fan? do you think well go 20? was a great game...
needs a mouse, looks like my lappys touch pad is giving up na.
i feel horrible! i slammed my dogs tail in the car door.
went to ihop again. great for a diet at least there were no kung foo pancakes this time. rachel
about to go clean bathrooms
geez its so late for you!! good luck at work tomorrow i am soooo knackered too. love you!
is not a fan of rollercoasters... when is comes to relationships
aw mannn, i havent tweeted half enough today! wail oh well, ill make up for it now!
oh no!!! i hope you havent lost your voice again
holds you, hoping it will help a little
im in class right now
i think i am failing at life right now.
school tomorrow no!! eh good way to catch up with friends, i just dont want to get up at 7am
gmail is automatically logging me off.. whats wrong??? google beginning to hate me..
free hotel breakfast...worth every penny i paid for it
swamped at work.... not a good day but trying to keep positive... the weekend is not that far.
lame!!! thats a big bummer.
just had myself as driving lesson, went pretty well. need to stop crossing my hands over on the wheel apparently though, bad times
came home from cross county, tired as
georgous day pittsburgh! going for a run then spending the day studying
wishes she could go see varsity fanclub today!!!!
feeling lonely ï½ï½ï½ quien me quiere ??? ï½ï½busco oso!! oh well
new testament test at 930 am
my headphones have snapped
i have to shoot baseball what are you singing?
you made ontd. the entry also happens to be flocked.
hahaha im sorry i didnt mean to. and youre supposed to film the day of silly! thats cheating doing it the day before!
is that a spoiler in the dvds special features? hope not.
no free comp lol
so bored.. still no internet at home.
oh no sorry to hear that
no good social events tonight
ugh that little break and ooaahohs were so adorable. i am singing aloud and its 2 am hahaha
i hate my life. why does school exist in my life. 3 days.........
im sleepy, my head aches and my throat hurts and i want to go home
no kid rock tickets sold out. sucks. guess we will have to win some on the radio or something. i need a nap! its nice outclean my car!
lol you know me so well! its black but there are little pink bits on it and only one shop does the pink one, the others are blue!
didnt play a 3rd game today. they is all tired from the sun
finish my biochem exam. the questions were decent, but not enough time was given too complete it and i missed a 2 mark question.
have to work on homework tmrw...
.. safe jpurney cos imm one off uur fans lol thaa mii ampamp uue never reply to anythiiin i send uue! not fair lol
i dont want to get out of bed
why is my computer so damn slow these days? no fun...
is frightened cos its spider time.. i hope the flat repels them as i unfortunately havent got a man to save me
where are youu ?
he already had a twit about it and i was just cosigning... gesh
in office, doing irritating work for the worst client ive ever had. you cant choose your project if ur an employee.
yea, tell me about it its frustrating! thanks for the message, ill let her know in case she doesnt log on!
wow, thats really cool. i need to do the opposite of u! i need to gain weight
long night ahead of me people...twit me! ill check it from time to time. wont be off till 2am... stay up people! grind hard! and safely
i kinda felt the same. the more i play, the more i enjoy. still having trouble stepping up to the next difficulty though
i wanna see the shoot when will we be able to see it.
at work
ugh, i hate working saturdays! that makes 45hrs this week. it never feels like i have a weekend.
chinitaaaaa...!!!
but not a fun one
i feel terrible ill buy you a new one x
lost 3 followers. was it something i said? oh well. i could have told you i was boring! d
ever green salon w vania. ohhh havent getting better yet hope creambath can help me for getting well.
15 minutes and the parkade traffic still not moving.
i have nothing to twitter about yet.
yes, ive had twitter unfollow 1 person so far. they finally fixed it, but now she hasnt posted for a few days. bummer
dont say no, puhleaseeeeeeeee!!!!
lets hope the sore throat clears up before the break and is not a precursor to illness over the holidays
balls. they filled up too many girltalk dancers.
wheres my hint of video?! asot400
starting under safety car f1
nï½ng vcl. mï½a hï½ mï½a ?au kh? cho nh?ng th?ng m?p n?c m?
so tired. had 2 teach shilo to play texas holdem on yahoo...addictive! and i still have to do clothes 4 church n the morning..
need to do homework before school starts on monday only 2 do but oh well still need to do it iwill do it on godly day sunday after church
didnt know that twitter screen names had to be that short....englishsenseicafe didnt quit fit
those are horrific. totally destroys your faith in people.
nz the place to be! miss my own bed a bit though
i will no longer drink coffee. if i do, you can have all my jem dolls except out of the house cos that doesnt count!
my dog was attacked by another dog. had surgery to reattach muscles
traffic not as bad as normal, so super early for meeting
had a good day... gonna be doing work tomorrow
here we go again. same old same old.
ohhh thanks! dam we didnt get to see that
ooops. just ate a panini from wmart cold that says it needed to be thoroughly cooked. it didnt taste raw. i die nao from f. poisoning?
dreams had discussion about unitarians with a libertarian while sitting in a gigantic anthill. he loved jesus too much to be civil.
i want to be downtown toniiiiight.
my phone is broke. too bad i could have been sending you exciting tweets today on how the city elections are going. election judge day!
angie is working at the mall today
not aching too bad this morning, just very tired cat not on any special diet, just going to feed the fat bastard less!!
i feel poopy i need more sleep time
what a way to spend a friday night... i guess theres not much to do now that battlestar is over...
can i come too? i am sad.
still at work
ur nice dad miss the train your so hot
slept badly. still feel like hell, but maybe not as bad as yesterday. why am i always ill when i take time off work?
ooh alright. well, too bad we cant reply to your messages you would need to follow us in order to do that.
i cant sleeeeeeeeep!!! i need a goodnight kiss!
is happy because i annihilated a baby huntsman in my kitchen with the cooking pan..however this means a mama one may be in hiding fuck!!!
the guys are back gone is the quiet.
we ate already but if you wanted to come over with food no one would be offended
not looking hopeful
skittles! happy me. i havent sleep in so long there are bruses under my eyes.
so. fell asleep at 630. class in 15 min till 12.
going to watch tales of the black freighter, followed by having to go to the dentist. what a productive day today will be
is still gutted she couldnt see diana sing last night! but bring on halmiton park in july!
fckinq heat3d ahh sht! th3re aint a d4y 1n my lif3 dat qosz by dat i dnt qet hiqh sit bck amp wanna cry
blazing row with boy. tantrums all round. missed train and now standing on platform feeling guilty
ugh i dont wanna go to bed
double sigh sad day and johnny depp is old too sadface!
my dog passed away in the night full on gutted.
i miss the babies.
my teeth hurt sooooo bad
is missing her luke more than she thought was possible roll on 5pm!
i plan on watching the fast and the furious later, but now i should really do some work
couldnt get into a record store
i miss mike a lot. brotherblues its weird having mom, dad, scottie, justin, and me all in one room without him.
the last season of the hills what will one do with oneself when it ends?
missing the fox
nearly cried there at the end of the episode lol
negative.. you lost my vote of confidence
ok still in rome , watching flights monterrey rome , the cheapest costs about 1100dls s damn its a lot
poor gig
just finished fashion fitting. tired. wishing more than ever that there was a beach in atlanta. oh, and show tonight kavarna! 8pm
it is really cold
i feel really empty right now its hard trying to get over your ex
hope so i dont have an iphone
ive just discovered im busy around lunchtime i dont suppose dinner is possible?
hay im cc also aka, walsh, talk to me during work, it must be a very very very very hard job
packing my overnight bag for tomorrow, going to the hospital
is depressed cuz corr cant com 2 the mall with her.
sitting at home, watching jeremy kyle and bored!
fine i wont make it up to you check your dm?
twitter has said i have reached my maximum for searches for now.
still snowing outside heading downtown today anyways
ok that wasnt really what said, he just sent me the link. thanks dude. i feel kind of dirty now i have it. sorry
i shoulda went with you guys... now i gotta lay out alone haha whatd you get
sad face i would bring you one
vw forums are a nightmare for that. enthusiasts on forums always results in politics and bitching!
fuuuck, accidently my whole .config, it took so long to configure awesome.
has finished work and is sitting on the train with his sister. she leaves on monday
will deplurk at around 1115pm.
frustrating, huh... even when youre quothaving a breakquot you still need to download patches
holy crap awful amp superscary, wish i came out 2 meet yalls stellas thurs maybe i coulda helped, just glad nobody got hurt
spiritualized too sad too beautiful
you are distracting me from my project! only a few more days till i can write and you tease me so!
still feeling like crap...
im doing stupid english homework
all of that happening on my cement slab
time to work on my sex paper
fridays without terminator and dollhouse just arent the same.
you should listen to some music by this dude called andy hull and afew other blokes. i even hear theyre playing ldn tomorrow!
sorry i already have plans tonight
work! boo party tonight tho you live in canada! you should come down to florida
no! u supposed to be my date
petey misses sali
happy its sunny but a bit down
my only complaint about facebook is theyve changed it so much its confusing
good a big headache and dont feel too well.
survey says i should not have used the facebook email contact feature
thought about quitting twitter but i cant leave you and !
always sad to see boy leave
haha well what makes you think you dont use big words too? sadistic! p what did i say any way? and no i dont, sorry babe
time for work. have fun sleeping
its sad its the last season. i wanna see when spencer calls lauren!
rain amusment park fb
omg house what did i ever do to you
remember my bum leg? strikes back this time its serious
riley broke my blue armband maybe we should try the pantsless thing one time
yeah sure was got beat again
nite!! i still cant go to sleep.
aww no i hope youre not!
cant draw james deans hands right
i got very unexpected guess at home and right now theyre in my room what a distraction!!!
at work plus im sick. blah..
i know! i heard it this afternoon and wondered the same thing. moscow is so behind the times
im lonely keep me company! 22 female, california
its meee i got booted
cntt sleep so much on my mind..
its 5am and im awake
which is pretty anti memorial tattoos but for all but the strictest, theres no official ban, just disapproving family
ahh the sweet sound of neighborhood electricity transformers blowing. looks like the neighbors across the street are sol.
raining here too. wanted to plant my gardenia bushes now have to clean the house instead
are you gonna be ok?
aw, that sounds so fun! im so bummed that i missed it did you get to meet anyone?
thanks so much, i was sad they took it down.
im actually salivating! need sweeties, chubb says no
all the grumpy people at work are going to make me grumpy too
i lt3 cigs..rip
im feeling under the weather today.
im going to work
back at school. but on the bright side, its s2c podcast night tonight!
going to the works later for another quot70quot session.bloody boring but its probably all im up tostill for now.and i have rubbish skin.
this hockey band look like mgmt3, but fucking hell theyre good. sabrepulse come back too
its very cold in my bedroom!
i dont want to care but i do...so i say i dont then i die
animal kingdom and the studios today... without sam. shes on her way home.
is sooo hungry, to bad the dc is closed
people are fucked up dawg, caitie i wish you were here boo. ily fishy9.04
waaah i miss you too!!!! omg, we really should
oh yeah.. ouch. sorry, just assumed, its you and all. lol. but seriously, that really sucks, and i hope youll be all right.
hopefully ill be off at 5am or 6am life would be great if we could work and drink at the same time! hahaaa
this week with gomzi..is so..short!!isnt enough!! well..better than nothing..
birthday party turned into puke fest for my 4 year old
passed out last night while mum was puttin cream on my.tattoo
im lonely keep me company! 22 female, ithaca new york
visitin the invalid in dc
waiting for a call it has to happen.
ah...out in round two.
iufnvdsjnvjnjn so hot. hate you selena but sill love you.
i wish someone would my tweets...
is all alone on a saturday morning
i have to lay grass today, that sucks. wish i could have went to aday.
yay but then had to spend 200 of it on bills
such a bore, analysis time
wish i could...but the seasons dont change 365 days of the year.
link to sm paying off? returned article not found
so bored, theres nothing to do.
ouch i bit the side of my mouth
33 into a ftp upload for a client and my internet craps out on me... again... comcast just makes me sadder everyday.
aw, that suuuucks sorry dear!
has toothache
ok, i think im finally done with work for the yesterday. now for a beer and some tv before hitting the sack. back at it around 9am.
the internet is hating me. night i spose.
is watching harry potter because i couldnt hangout with my friends and the ones that i havent seen in a while!! i miss you guys!
clean me!
sick today staying home, and watching chicago lt3
no cold water tap in our bathroom i miss my cold water
i show you so much love homie, but you never respond
bit lonely on here dont seem to have many friends who actually use twitter! oh well...
dont want to get up out of bed
doing online math test first, i didnt even know how to get there
i need you to fix my elliptical trainer, it squeaks
lost a rare gorgeous seattle day due to taco del mar poisoning, my tummy still hurts
we were talking about that today. alas we probably need some awesome event to attract us all before it will happen
pray for my family in minnesota. my uncle is not doing well and will be passing soon.
having knee checked out. not feeling right.
watched xmen originswolverine yesterday. unedited version not that good of a movie. not as good as it looks in the commercials
srsly.. what is there to do? i cant go out because its my quotrestquot day. hmm.. looks like college work!
our dog is not feeling well and is moping. i always feel so helpless when that happens. even baby tylenol didnt help this time.
if freaking the fuck out! way to many assignments due!!!
tom how are you doing? we are worried about you.
i am now back in india and feels good to be here..! resumed office and i have caught cold..!
hello!!! im in class, you know i wanna hear the show, but i cant!!!
i hate going to bed alone at night
jus ate an easter egg, now i feel bad
getting ready to go to meeting.....yeah!!
what a day, didnt get up till lunch time then cut my hand on a breadknife
tonight 830 improvise your own adventure, and 1030 cast member s final theatresports! dont miss it!
wow, last night was the worst night of my life
yeaaah, wouldve been good to know that record store day in canada does not include the leonard cohen record i wanted!
doesnt have 1 single pair of spring pants that fit
internet station..shopcentre..my 3 computers have all crashed, over tech man getting fixed, could b quit 4 a couple of days
amber i dont know how often you check this, but i really miss you right now. like, really really. so friggen much i want a hug ltbethgt
i feel like ive beeen hit by a ford alton f650 xuv, and let me tell ya that is one big xuv, so you can just imagine how sick i feel.
is chilling out after a very painful dentist appointment
on plane. dont think there will be much talking with fellow aisle mates...mas rapido espanol.
that seems to be everywhere right now. its only 34 here. it was 50 last week
ha. its been falling since 5am.
really sorry to hear that jo keeping everything crossed shes just off on some cat type adventure of sorts
...well there was this really cool part where... i wont spoil it
good morning. april 7th and its snowing
sigh another day, another pile of exciting research to trawl through... more of this tomorrow too
almost at school. more erbs. and i have to bring in my back pack, and poster board and cake for a project. this may not turn out well.
also wants 2 throw a shoe ...
im drink wanna go home.
is tired, waiting for benji, patiently... misses him i just wanna be with my bun feeling
sore throat. would love a bowl of grandmas matzo bowl soup right now.
yes. to this day
where are you?
well then! why do i even try...
looks like rain today, bet it buckets down as soon as i step outside front door, always the way !!!!, downhill all the way from today
oh, sweetie!! hope youre getting better soon!! hugs
has to stay home while brandi and miley go to germany
who was the winner of season2? im seeing it for the first time, in my country, and i dont know yet who was it
o lucky!! waiting for new pb!!!!!! omg, cant believe i forgot about it...
still kinda miffed that my team got stuff i didnt.
im not
so damn annoying when that happens isnt it?? hope she doesnt copy your work
power tripped at clv again, internet was out from about 8pm9am this morning, feels pretty bad when we get the abused for it thou
go too the schoolll i have sleeeppp
its gonna be a boring week cause everyones on vacation
today i got2do shopping 4easter! lt3 malachi xx owww im so sore too 2day
today is turning into a frustrating exercise of quotignore the consultant because we want an easy sale someone else can fix it later onquot
breakfast went away quickly. hungry already
wants her ipod.
duunw how to use this thing
took my cocker spaniel , sam to get groomed today. wow he smells better. now all he wants to do is roll around in the dirt.. dirty dog
had some ask me to make their site rank 1st in google for the word printing... where do people get their information?
really?!? im not even with you
luckily im on holiday at the mo! but its still all work what is it you do ?
im so tired, but i cant go to sleep well, i guess i could if i let myself relax, but for some reason im not... kinda frustrating
yeeeah . dont laugh about me its... well... interessting d
they put my dog to sleep after like 15 years of tripping over her every time i come home its kinda weird not seeing her here.
its snowing in moscow in the middle of april! im freezing
brit, wish my computer was working.....
me, too! i so miss my craft biz
i baked you a cake but i ated it
oh no, its a harrods day now i really will be sick.
very little i should be doing quite a bit. not feeling it, though
had breakfast, baths r done, laundrys in now what to do....? thought about taking kids to zoo but looks like its gonna rain.
i ate too much chocolate, and now i feel poorly easter sux.
i hate dreaming then waking up to find that it never actually happened and knowing that it never will.
is goin to bed nooow. night everyoneee. lt3 last day of freedom tomorrow sooo depressed about that.
the link u sent me contains a quotmalformed videoquot so wasnt able to see
goood luck today g m a .... no one would take me i love you!!!!! we are in the same state
so lonely
wondering what to do with the day, too tired to move
i wish i was still on holiday
witching hour. call for a domestic desturbance. poor lady. shes really upset and looks hurt. k9s here.
well now im jealous. i want an orgasmic breakfast.
ughh nothing to do today and so pretty outside..
i hate when that happens...
thanks hun.. didnt even no he was going to be on... pitty we couldnt see him sing
no you dont. canada sucks.
babysitting this morning stiil its an excuse to watch the chute on cbbc.
if oooonly we were really so lucky, eh? and awh definitely too early for work.
re daily gossip.. well the twitter gossips are mostly from e! online which i cannot access!!
so bored on lunch at work
hey, i tried to respond to the wine invite yesterday, but issues with twitter.
i just made a cup of green tea and it tastes and smells like fish.
its record store day and im out of money.
frederick just turned off the blazer game to watch harry potter, i think he is mad at the blazers. but i dont mind the change! i lt3 ron
yeah that would be so cool but life is complicated ... i wish i lived in londen
i cant find the mtv cribs that has bird man flossin his shit and also the other one with the cashmoney manssion
i have its jed
is at work waiting for shortlisting results and kicking back from the hubby, lets see how he likes it!!!
same here, love! summer cannot come fast enough! i miss you terribly! im sorry youre sick! hugs
oh and im sorry there werent much pics. i was yapping away and getting tipsy.
strange start to the f1 season. brawn 1,2 in australia, abandoned race in malaysia and 0 points for ferrari so far
sc start ... and their goes my idea about good news for alonso
i will you were coming to nc at least closer to where i am.
time to go to work must stop knitting
we totally forgot about the wedding. i just realized
rottedd
trying out blu. beautiful client. just wish there was a way to resize the window though.
miley my tummy hurts too and my head hurts it sounds like someone is pounding on my head!
funtime is over workinghours begins
we have bad weather today its raining poo ala fach
i strongly dislike people who make stupid comments and dont know the whole story
is physically tired but cant sleep
yes unfortunately.. just a lot of the stress ive been dealing with lately..
im here! but i cant watch for long i have to wake up at five tomorrow morning
so, instead of running, i just spent copious amounts of time buried in the code of my website. epic nerd fail. i suck.
fingers crossed for you xan, thats horrid news
cant believe i have to go all the way to barnes for work today....instead of a 5minute walk to st johns wood
aw frank airport people are always dead grumpy. theyve got like 247 jetlag.
i follow the caylee story, too. i cant imagine...
i call white castle burgers belly bombsso yummy but 15 mins later my stomach is aching!!! might be that i just threw up 10 of them
lonely. i want to crawl into bed with my teddy and mope
hahaha! yeah, i miss ginger too! and remember lizzie mcguire too? crap, i cant spell.
i almost thought i was gonna get to come home early but of course i dont have that kind of luck
white trash vs us... we were outnumbered.
more ways to promote ads and get you to be a consumer of the yt partners by taking away your views that you earned away.
gross i have a pimple
time to drop my aunts car off ... i wanted to stay cream all day
whats your plan? where is my grandpa when i need him most?
happy birthday jaime. loveyoult3. ...officially screwed right now. midterm. quiz. 2 projects. and 300 page book. shoot me. please.
also, i realize that sounded a tad dramaqueen, but i havent been sick in years. its hittin me hard this time
so we never went to softball. o well haha. hanging in my room and then dinner. idk if i am going out i still feel icky
dudde, i hope im not comning down with something.
going to orlandocity of dreams this weekend..but its going to be 90 degrees with thunderstorms
went to visit my husband on his business trip
finally done with die falsche agentin. yeah, it took me like...2 and a half hours. i fail lol
thats pretty much how my few attempts at writing a story for an rpg came to an end
woke up about 430ish very wet ,changed myself still tryn to go back to sleep,not lookin good tho.....
still sore from astros loss yesterday
why does joy always look so unhappy on the show. at times very grumpy
i havent gotten an opportunity to record, because i dont have a band or anyone to write the background music.
ahhh! stopped in and that wine isnt in philly yet! the guy said to try later next week.
i know! stupid fox.
do you remember the 1980 earthquake in irpinia? people still waiting too
does anyone have a copy of the newer family force 5 cd?? myne is all scratched and i never put it on my my computer
i have a skype account but it is not installed on this machine
hard to leave good friends when you only see them once every few months.
has been neglecting plurk.
why am i so thirstyyy? in class even though i dont have the homework. was there even a point in going?
doesnt want school to start because she havent had enough fun!
no j.crew shoes on ebay for tiffany.
wednesday my bday! dont know what 2 do!!
my comp is so screwed up
im sleepy... i did not get a good nights rest but thats ok, i will tonight! im going to go enjoy the sunshine today!!!!!
gonna get my encased meat on this morning. looks like no foi gras, though.
i just got my laptop taken away by jc. he says i wont get it back until its tested, so i wont be able to post as much anymore.
going over all of my books. getting ready for school tomoz
im home alone with chanel and i miss my baby
i have no kids so i cant go
no longer watching the movie
wow, ive used 130mb today of bandwidth. not a good thing since our whole org has 6gb for the whole month
are you doing my shout out? i told you that joke! i made you laugh!! haha
parra was...quick. didnt spend much time shopping she came all the way to westmead just to take me to parra. how nice.
nice of it to inform you during the install, eh? silly msoft. it works on the intel mac but not my g5 shame, its quite cool
so lucky, sun was out here, but warm enough to bathe in
you arent connected with me back...so i cant dm you...
off to morro bay. last banquet as an active brother
i love it more..although i feel bad thinkin about how my life will change no more parties or late nights
ugh thanks. what if my part isnt done. i dont feel well, and really need sleep.
i wanna go home!
i would be so happy if i got a shout out, esp since i was so excited to see him in az but it didnt happen,
dont mind at all. behind on my follows.
unable to finish a post about the jazz platform. each time i revise it, i modify something.
ouch they can be a pain get them at work with the bag tags and boarding passes at time ...
my feet hurt too
please no rain today! i got some things to do outside
something i havent done in ages woken up in bk 110 when im supposed to be in manhattan 2. no online scrabble for me this morning.
last time i watched this movie it had this huge epiphinal line that was exactly what i needed. now that i need it again i cant find it.
too difficult??? who are these people?? no doubt the ones who only ever see africans as starving and helpless grrrrrr
is still at work.
too confused...
i smell like a baby prostitute! ugh
i had a dream about twilight. dream fail.
just finished crying her eyes out, parenting a preteen is hard
thats it, were over
lily allen came to philly tonight and hid those ticktes, that could have been me
lol not at all, hun. lol i work like a dog...lol. i get two paid vacations, but i dont know if im gunna be able to take them.
had an interesting night to say the least
i couldnt make it out to see you guys tonight mega bummed hope it was a good show though! ill see yall next time.
i cant read what your typing
hahaaahahaaaaahahaahaaa...oh sorry....wtf were you thinking?!
omt love you! opening it in a new tab now. im suckered i missed daniel kandi!! asot400
i burned my hand so haaaard today when i was makin a pizza aui
i got the ol bait amp switch tonight! i thought id be working until 10 amp when i got here, i was informed it will be more like midnight.
bad head, muscles aching things to get done today 1. write. 2. watch bsg. 3. try to not have cake.
my back hurts
mercedez benz !! i have electrical probems gtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgt stress
is caught off guard, saddened, and confused by the actions of a close friend. wondering if its due to alcohol?? completely bewildered.
my stomach still hurts from last night
edward cullen has bï½la lugosi spinning in his grave.
davepeckens never received any dms last night. twitter was hacking up a lung or something.
labour economics... test on monday
being in pain as i have done my back in
last day at breck tomorrow. what a strange season.
fell asleep just b4 the jays lost now im wide awake ..not sure what to do
brrrr ! heading to work.... chilly today
i feel really crappy. i hope im not getting sick, i have a full day ahead of me tomorrow.
work till 5 ... then a project
is really bored and really sleepy...and mad she cant find a custom lanyard maker that wont make me buy 1000000 minimum
i couldnt get the stream to work when colin was on
did everyone in the gbfv area do some cool stuff with the good weather today? didnt say it will not be as pleasant sun amp mon?
papa bailed on us...
i cant believe shes going to be gone in less than 24 hours. im going to miss her.
im afraid to fly too. i straight up refuse to get on a plane. it sucks because it really limits where you can go
wheres the sunshine gone?
in zombie mode today, kids are ill and kept me up till 2.30am . up for work at 6am
this is not tbombs.
wish you were coming to toronto.
wow, its way too early to be awake. lots to do though, and software post at 830 so i actually have to be to work on time. boo...
says ang tagal naman ng may 14
as in left for the day? or left long term??
argh finally figured out whats killing inquizitor games on jailbroken devices. about 30 1 star reviews too late though! fix on the way
why are you in nola?!?!?!
fark! i cant be sick one week before fashion week
band concert northview
nothing to do ...i wish today would be sunny!
at university of hawaiis hamilton library. doing hw drinking orange soda
the future is no more as it used to be
totally need the toilet. got told my ben and jerrys failed at life
well, im tiered and hacked off from work
i have a cold going to relax on the couch and watch 300 for the first time! with eric.
a i wanna come i should really move to boston...
wrll that one went surprisingly well. how disappointing.
is in the bathroom and i have to pee!
so true. i love frienfeed, but there are so many cool apps out there that delivers value and so little time
so sad bc she just finished quotfadequot
ha wow my phone makes instead of it prob just hates me too
faceplants on floor and cries
soundfix in brooklyn cleaned out of most the goodies in 90 minutes. rsd09
if only we didnt have to finish an episode by monday
i cant find his page
im lonely keep me company! 22 female, chicago illinois
hanging of with the quotcorpsquot for the last time...
a poor b hopefully hell come back
so...exactly why is it 35 degrees, when it was 70 sunday??!!?? cuz im in cincinnati, thats why!!
looking at the stud muffin u know who
nooo!, it bet it would have looked so good
i feel like that most nights i wake up with like 2030 twitter messages .
my head hurts.
gaahh its soo earlyy
uh oh...thunder. so much for having cute hair at quotanother music festivalquot tonight...rain will ruin it.
ive given up and am going to the doctor...being sick 3 times in one month is rather annoying
urgh im tired impatient and over boys and their silly games
i hate stormy weather
im sorry! lol damn, but i know how u feel... took me a while myself... trust me!!!
ahh..i still feel bad sorry
scratch that du in heif two in a half cookies. my tum just cant take anymore shoog. poots
another day at centre point this time an early start so guessing train will be rammed with commuters
alcohol deadlines
just found out that my mum and my adopted auntie are on twitter.. check them out my mum is tessm64 and my awesome as auntie is tania38
good morning! im already at work. what time do you go in?
even when you get to the dmv as it opens its still a royal pain in the ass
im never getting out of work
no gurl. his momma is gunna be at the houston show, i think
what type of work u do darliiiing?? hangover
even a four day week seems too long i want to stay in bed!
i am going to the gym tomorrow!!! time to get into it... my poor deteriorating body
i failed chemistry...
argh. driving into london today. made a wrong turn at kingsx stuck in an extra 30 minutes of logjam traffic
is not in a happy place ...
man i want some nike air yeezys but as i dont live in states have no chance in hell ahh well spend the 200 on 2 pairs of sbs instead!
joey dacillo, go online.
were so busy at work, its nuts. no break for me again
i would be so upset
i wish opening nights as amazing as tonight didnt happen before a morning of sunday school! i want to celebrate, not teach
woke up in a pile of blankets, and didnt want to leave it.
wants to do something really stupid like on jackass or something. but not to be laughed at or sympathized for but for need. i need this
due to time constraints, just went to green lake
wont be home in time for most of sll
clare danes? in which movie? im confused
omg im having the hardest time staying awake in class....ugh. an all nighter was a bad idea i need sleep!!!!
aww poor you. we can be in pain together painbuddies
i hope you feel better enough to be productive.
i wish i was reading quotunderstanding exposurequot as oppose to studying depreciable costs and multistep financial statements
im pretty sure i have strep throat i cant eat or drink. i need some tlc
says over 200 na ang dead sa italy
i have to wake up in 5 hours laameeee
sodding m25
rt khloe just got fired from the apprentice
red ant bites really smart
blah.. warezbb is down atm.. sigh have to use spotify for the time being then.
i cant see anything stupid youtube and their location restrictions. whos in the speedo?
2 sick couldnt sleep so no class today. i actually enjoy school so im really bummed.
so tired of looking for wholesale beads and not finding what i want!
waiting for 17 again i want my hat and glasses
thinking i shouldnt have been drinking wine on a school night
aww wish i was there today. so sorry malibu plans fell through
finally home. watching on kimmel and going to bed sans chihuahua
i have a youtube page, ill be your second. i have no videos of my own though.
none of my friends have twitter !! gosh they are so boring
ive watched kids go from normal weight to obese when the only change was getting fastfood for bkfst before school
unfortunately, i dont. sorry hopefully you do find someone who can, though!
what did i do
i broke the vibrate on my fone.
well, i wish hes let us in on it...so we know when our man is on....im missing him lately
flames currently losing to chicago 32 2min left in the 3rd. pretty good game tonight.
i burnt the piss out of my hand!
faces a mammoth task for the rest of the day, so many things to do, so little time
nbcnews reporting pres chief econ guy summers is loaded with wall street money 8mil from a hedgefund from banks that were bailed out
starving but i have empty cupboards
well im just upset about this houston weather. its been ruining all my plans
no, no notice. they told me id be working tomorrow, and then i called the agency to follow up and they said it was over.
now im gonna wait till the jonas brothers update!!...but since they r in the bahamas...they may not update.
my english professor would be ashamed.
at bogeys trying to work the juke box...nothing good on it
too tired to tweet, too tired to draw, to tired to look for work. just plain worn out and short on hope.
i think my crank has just gone down!!!!!!
oh thanks for the reminder, id almost begun to stop thinking about it!
the weather in canada is freezing
at work then school work all day..finals around the corner i got to get my mind right and go hard!
oh no i lost some followers where do you go...
hm. sorry for never replying to you.
lol thats nastyyy. nothing wrong with being a fan of someone.
yes, more than 150 people killed and a lot missing
had i more time, i would come lick your face. sorry things are still ick
snow? omg, thats insane. im sorry
haha no, she isnt here unfortunately this is the one person in the house who isnt cool.
cant clean her room when shes not listening to britney. how depressing
do it!!!!!!! start feelin guilty
churnalism is definately the order of the day
working. ...but it so pretty outside.
tuesdayï½ll start with reflection ï½n then a lecture in stress reducing techniques. that sure might become very useful for us accompaniers
going to the dr with anthony today..im sure the news wont be great his icd has gone off numerous times...
is that too much to ask for?
im really sleepy because i couldnt sleep last night
squashing bugs left and right, good thing they dont have legs ! oh man, im resorting to developergeek jokes. sorry
clean me!
stupid umd apii prerequisite is messing up my summer!
i reupped yesterday for full price
goood luck masias, sab and manda! i wish i could be there too
woooow....interesting night....very interesting lol...no phone peeps
these new windoze commercials make me queasy
what are yall talking about?
im sorry, id ship over my cheap canadian meds, but im afraid theyd get stopped crossing the border
so much for all the pics i wanted to post of my room and drum kit..its proven to be beyond impossible since my bedroom light blew
i wonder where he is
i cant wait to read that one...still waiting on my copy
lol, i did that then i was silly and thoght kb was the same as k so its still not working. i doubt i will ever find one
is that snow?
my bruised arm
why is my raster symbology being so unpredictable...? keeps randomly deciding to not display some colours... grmph
im talking to my friends on msn. we are al together in one conversation. its really funny. but some of them have to go in a few minutes
sooo not motivated to do work
last time i was at a circus, my eyeball got burnt. i was 3.
dropped my long suffering ipod, 5 years or so of original ipod mini, but now hes a gonner!
yeah!! i was gutted that i couldnt meet the astronaut lol xx
carter co, kentucky has estblshd thier first public library and are in need of a director!! thier entire budget is only 54,000year
just got home from work.... sun burnt ouchhh
had a lovely chat with a thursday island guy today. and now is haaaanging for palm trees.......and frangipani.....and dugong...
has unfortunately confirmed the hypothesis that wine makes me sneeze...nooooooooo.
pizza hut,well so much for the new deals waited 30 mins to get served,and then guess what no pasta no salad and 30 min wait for pizza
dammit, getting to know this corner very well
my bike is out of the basement!! now to tune the carbs
, , it would pretty sick if blink was on the main stage at warped tour, i never got to see yall live before
me too. neither of us will have balls anymore
now its time 4 bed, gotta go 2 work 2morrow night night
is playing iknowledge ??? in facebook. the question is so difficult.
whhhaaat!!! i am tres jealous of that... mine doesnt go in until the 24th i found chocolate so much better thanks! x
why does this airport not have wifi?
nice to see where the in crowd are. not at retreat too exxy.
i miss my old friends from elementary ans middle school
idk but gettting frustrating i lost about 25 min of rapid tweeting friday too none got sent out of tweetdeck
had lunch and i want to go to sleep now think ill go upstairs and put the washing mountain away!
bro came in to ask what gameboy game i was playing so loudly. he walked in on me listening to japanese chiptune. and humming along to it.
being bored at homee
lost my gf rabbit in cannes...
no missing 17 again on thursday is the worst
at democratic council training in orange. learning how to be a democrat. its all day though
just got back from the footy... school tomorown
i want to be there
well not far from the station by the looks of it just head there im actually jealous would love to be in belgium right now
itd be great if some opensource luminary would record talk files for rockbox the daleky voice is unimpressive
getting ready for work.....
i know right? i remember emailing her for help and after awhile she just blew me off.
didnt want to be a tax inspector anyway
just saw my old house for the first time in a long time. its so beautiful theyve done a ton to it... i miss it
needs to get out of this town.. why do i keep myself here!?!! i cant make excuses anymore.. i want out
none of my friends answer texts anymore and my best friend is so busy at work he cant talk
is aching all over...
so i finished fixing my coffee just the way i like it and reach for the ringing phone when i knock it over and the whole thing spills!
feeling light headed and gross
tax day it is! started the tedious task by saying hello to my friend turbo tax. it is such a fun day i cant even put into words
fever has started anyone have any miracle cures for a cold?
i miss you too! t_t you lah. balik msia for such a short while only. they dont have after 8s here. mines imported from the uk p
tell us your not going mr m. or im gonna have to get spending on itunes to make the commute doable
another night without mum amp daday at home. and im feeling lonely
im going to draw a picture a picture with a twist! ill draw it with a razorblade, and draw it in my wrist
the shows over
i cant tonight
awh damn! my puppy has ticks
i had a green day spell years ago. havent listened to them in such a long time
headin over to my currentold house to do some yard work. not really looking forward to it, which sucks ...want to get normal again.
finishing up some schoolwork. assignments due tomorrow and this is finals week! argh!!
headache and yardwork miserable hell
oh and my msn still isnt working.
home, doing nothing bored
schoolenglish course damn 46 dias
no rain please
i was woken up by my mom. now i cant get to sleep.
duckling in famous childrens book stolen from bostons public garden the boston globe via oh no!!
im so sorry to hear about your dog wishing you happier days to come!
why dont i get signal in this student center
ah sorry i didnt reply whatsup
want to go into town but dont really feel like walking down their on my own
all my stuff is already at the house haha. so its now. but i have to wait to go to the usa. 5 more weeks for my immigration
thats lame. i hope it improves as a whole. yeah! its gonna be fun! pictures would be good so we can share!
iphone uninsured unlocked
oh no!! that just my my heart sink for you!!
just tried to register for austin code camp, but they had a server error
nick!!! why donï½t say hi to me!!!!!!!!!!!
this little tree is tiiiiired 25s and dealing with stupid people tomorrow and then finishing 10s monday! raiding every nice
im like bored as hell right now lol and im kinda in the mood for icecream but its 150am and all the icecream shops are closed __
my baby has to leave soon.... wish he would never go. text it i guess 978 996 7280.
eight hours. 1500 words. lucy happily reparked. brain composed largely of mush. beginning to freak out about thursday while its tuesday.
bitter sweet milestone my sons 9th birthday today!...and the first time i didnt get to invite my friends.
we are just born to be hi tech followers
i miss so bad. hope shell be home soon.
im lonely keep me company! 22 female, bismarck north dakota
i want my macbook now. taking suggestions as to what to name it!
urrrr, i should be waking up right now instead im just going to bed too much on the brain!
is feeling really hurt over this
fears she might be going back to a gestapo germany.....
yea it was really cool! and yea its because she has like 23587295723572 messages a minute and yes i am ahaha what part?
har ont i halsen
c? g?ng l?t ?? ng?i d?y
morning world. opening day!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! rain in teh forcast
i see all of those really cool apps for the iphone on the commercials, but she. i look in the app store there all dumb games
i hate football people as much as i hate female singers
you know, i dont how you people can put up with my lack of spelling ability. just looked over a couple of posts and i messed up a word.
heroes is soooo boring. ugh and i just found out there are 3 more episodes this season.
why are my fiber one bars in my trunk?
okay...i guess i can do that
ahh, my freakin wrist is killing me. ive been too long on the pc.
one of my friend called me, and asked to meet with her at mid valley today...but ive no time sigh
wish there was a a little tunnel preferably a waterslide! direct from dressing room to water so people dont see me in my togs
wishes twitter had a translator!! twitter just hasnt caught on in the southern hemisphere yet!! theyll get there aventually i guess!
nope! last i heard from him he left a comment saying he loves me more and im better. over a year, close to 2 now.
yes im driving but going to have one glass of bubbles!
hope to ride first tt of the year, bangor 5, if i can get away from work in time, looks like rain too
is cleaning
her performance was pretty poor
heartbroken over little sandra. prayers are with the family.
im lonely keep me company! 22 female, new york new york
what a day!! but winter is coming must fix the bath lol
is not feeling so well right now
d00d...i so failed in hitting u back last night
is tired but has to be at work in an hour
ande now im not sure i want to associate with such a violet product may have a rethink about my screen name
blogtv is sucking on my computer boo
not much to watch yet!!!!
now that is ugly! i wanted to go to the international fest today. booo!
home for dinner, major headache.
good, yea had that same issue last night. way overloaded. cant complain saw you smoked your camera
the one thing i have learnt is that sinusitis is a pain in the nose!
is missing his favourite friend
sounds like a series of unfortunate events
...and the devil in kitten form just sneezed on my arm. thanks for adding insult to injury, life.
my back huuuurts i will be happy if i never have to move again. x.x
about to leave for england
looks like kate and gin have left twitter
has one more day until spring break is over
im so tired, i feel that i never get enough of sleep no matter how early i go to bed!!!!
any chance softbelly for isnt loud?
we just finished sp2 for xp rollout within the last year or so. my company is so slow to adopt new software.
i work for a lot of photographers and what to learn the ropes...just cant afford one yet
im not laughing! we only got one like four years ago. but mmm that sounds good! even though i dont really like chocolate!
sorry bout your luck
i had such a nice day. too bad the rain comes in tomorrow at 5am
youll get another when the petition closes in nov some type of an answer, but dont expect too much
no tejas show for you?? that makes me sad. watched you on 700 club just now. gorgeous girl! love your voice. miss ya!
i am listening music but i still lost in twitter
is sooooo boreed
where the magic happens every month lol sophia did a terrific job, as usual! what am i gonna have for dinner?
monday? and if u cant then ill just buy the tickets here and u can bring the to class lol but i wanted to see u! well let me kno lol
is about to start studying for her next course biology
tossed and turned all night long cos my back is damn burnt youch!
i hate the red ring of death.. had it twice grrrrrrr
godspeed my lonely angel
downloading the torrent of last nights sytycda, where my love bj was tragically but predictably eliminated
i miss indiana tiff even though that pulaski county in virginia
never tried it youll have to let me know what its like
wake up in paris, but its grey .. need more sun !!
my twitter is messed up and it sucks in the bad way katie
no dollhouse on hulu today? im crushed.
pissed coz a friend is too busy to see me2day
wanting 2 b with the babe but hes working he gotta make that paper 4 us tho!
still spitting out stitches from that bone graft
awww blip does that from time to time.
lonely bed, no husband.
is sooo proud with her bro! huhu.. hes so talentfull.. i wish i could do best like him..
thanks for the follow. cant wait to meet you! well have to have drinks in muncie at the heorot no web site
run was great thanks. is very windy today so bike ride not an option this morning
i do have to brave west quay today need a new power lead for the macbook.
i ate lunch outside for no more then 30 minutes today. and im pink. stupid burnable skin.
bought a purple shirt and plaid shorts to go wit at aeropostale today. tried to buy the alison rules book but couldnt find it waldens
i hate being sick and having a stuffy nose. i cant breathe.
being ill on the sofa feeling very sorry for myself
ive considered opening my own, but with so many closing i assume the demand isnt there
im goin to kill alicia if she gave me her fucking sickness . ughhh wtf
wow, i missed the thai songkran again
awh no you been to a dodgy electronic shop and tried?
browsing the internet....cant sleep yet
youre one letter alway! koreans dont use quotxquot so theres no hope for me.
the worst part about burning your tongue is not the pain, its losing the privilege to taste delicious food darn it hot tea!
is on her way to church. missing ate ivy
did i mention another one of my kitties is dying?
i am so sorry god id love to talk to you honey. similar things with my family
i spent 52 paying bills today. goodbye money, it was fun while it lasted...
figuring out whats up for today, whys it cold?
haha i am sooo incredibly bored and i dont wanna go to bed.
is studying... yes, on a sunday morning at college
im home
w every person there. i didnt get a pic my phone died but he signed my shirt so amazing words cannot describe shouldve skipped mel lol
i usually only sleep 4 hours a night or so. going to bed now, have to get up at 5am
i agree
at gatwick airport and not even flying made friends with the parking attendant tho so dont have to pay for parking!
i never even noticed the abba shirt. im a lousy fan.
robpattinson_ ....thats the real robert pattinson thats according to stephenie meyer its not nice to fool people
its spring alright! its raining cats, dogs, and hippos!
off to work
dont want to go back to school lauren is back
begining my ten page paper for media law this weekend after work blah! getting advertising quotes for the paseo art festival tshirts
haha yayyy! aw, lady i really hope youre not sad. thats no fun just listen to calle ocho and dance dance dance!
is searching the job boards for new and exciting opportunities and turning up nothing
yeah, id leave that sounds pretty bad.
just been playing with the new mobbler v0.4.0 and it adds some great new features, but wont play music on my e71, like v0.3.5 did
this face mask is rlly sticky
im craving for the long weekend...
too much to do not enough motivation
busy, busy...me its is too cold i dont want to go outside
i wish i could go to bed...
in case you were wondering, being uninsured sucks. im not even allowed in the glorious sunshine for the day
oh my sympathies. its a hard decision. i always hope my old border collie will go in her sleep. shes 14 too. hug
had enough of these apartments after suspicious ppl were casing our car! got a photo amp plate tho. half expecting them 2 vandalize it now
wants to go to bed and read
tryin to stay awake for the dallas game but its looking impossible.... 4 am start guess ill be catchin the recap
is super overwhelmed with schoolwork
if today wasnt shit enough i just ate a mouldy roll
i wish there was something for dinner.
getting ready for work... 630315.. ..
thats just a scream in a desert. some bugs that ive pointed out wasnt fixed in last 8 months... im just... kinda disappointed
burning car cds cos im totally bored of the one we have in there now and matthew wont let me put the radio on
coffee time wish i had whiskey like
is sitting in jury duty
fever drains the spunky personalities from my kids
getting ready to take matt to the airport.
thanks! r amp r is my original on the album. i just realized that u r in finland and lastfm is going to be charging there soon.
brain hurty squishy mess
omg corn nuts, now i have the craving, thanks
im wearing dumb running pants
1.65l is just over .4 gallons
is doing well with this jewish essay
i guess it would be, sorry.
doing homework...
awwh babs... you look so sad underneith that shop entrance of quotyesterdays musikquot o i like the look of the new transformer movie
because he was boring he had to go !!!!
sorry to hear that you are not allowed to eat bacon find anything as tasty? i think ill start a bacon fanclub...
work is so boring without my ipod
0n my h0me fr0m tiendesitas, bought my birds their supplies. no txt from dan today
i am not jealous of my friends with iphones. im not! ...im not... really...
pondering food, pondering updating my zune, pondering being an uncle to a pair of nephews 2300 miles away. i has a sad.
so sick with the only hangover and on my way to school
i need to post a video!!!! but im stuck...
am gutted, checked weather report for the wrong day! no fishing for me today
debating if i should just shower now, so i can sleep a little later tomorrow
i think i need to find better antidepressants. i think this paxilwellbutrin combo is losing its efficacy.
ok this isnt funny how come i get one answer in the quiz then my comp starts playing up does it think its funny?????? cause its not
oh hope you get better!
halfway through transcribing an interview computer freezes. panic. its all good, but scary. could have lost two hours of work
my nap was interrupted so many times today going out for japanese with the rents again...
the face of defeat
quotthe dating expertquot is following me on here ............................
last day in melbourne.
watched a movie... feeling sleepy but know that when i actually get up from the lounge and move to bed ill be wide awake
grr...you need sex every hour on the hour
no fall out boy tomorrow
the sun is shining, gotta get to work
school ugh me too
watching where the heart is. family is off to maryland and im sad
i hate coursework the tempest..shut up!!
brutal legend not quite the megaton reveal we were both hoping for from , eh pat?
cant sleep i hate these nights when i try to go to bed early and stay awake for hours. poo!
the closest thing to snow ive ever seen
someone come out with me
also, my exeye candy goes to coos i think
omg worst party ever!!! i just wasted 20 dollars!!! its takes me a month to work for that!!!
just finished the pizza for breakfast. sorry
lolll. nooo then im back to my protein diet!! maybe on a cheat day
i miss mommy oh, and aba.
haha ive been with my grandma for 2 days. even shes about 5 houses away, ill still miss her
i have woke up ill, no night in glasgow for me bed tea, no vodka and dancing
watching football lol and wishing i didnt have to go back to work tomorrow
just watched 90210 dun dun duuun. and im going to tidy my room and do some coursework for the remainder of the day. bad times
i just wanted to say how amazing your wolverhampton show with the script was. i cant come to your next show gutted
re newing my twitter
just burnt my fingers on a hot cup of tea ouch!!!
unc dismantles mich. st. to claim championship i wanted nova to win
i have a headache , runny nose , cold body even though covered with 2 thick blankets , amp a cup of cordial. horrible combo
trying to find the receipt for the cellphone thats still not working
you got a twitter!! yes!! tho ur username is really hard to memorize so its gonna be hard for me to post on ur page
is not sleeping ....damnit. tminus 4 hours and counting until i have to get the kids up for school
iis just 15min away i cant go im sad. oh well movieee time. hm movie at 4
at work
cupcakes maybe tomorrow. im so tired, dont even feel like cupcakes right now
i straighten it! lol
a virtual flowers, chocolates. hugs, and kisses lt3
dam im at work wishing the weekend was here.... its only tuesday people
that stinks. im glad its ok now. youre the only one i know that got it!
i was looking for it, but it isnt on the iphone keyboard.
i really hope i dont die before i get to meet prince.. seriously.. i will be a sad corpse..
witnessed not one but two car accients today
eww snow
bro town is in its last season ever! lyonesse is in mourning
i totally dont get twitter
not getting enough done just a long night.
good morning world. another cold day.
wats wronggg??
thats completely lame. but nonsurprising.
oh tittch, sorry you didnt get to say goodbye hugs
wish i was at cm midlands
i feel your pain
is house md still an ahole?? or has he changed character yet ... i lost track of that show months ago
my sunday almost over
i really need to go to a dentist.
after two weeks holiday, im really not looking forward to going back to work on monday
tinytwitter sucks
my dad and julia will be home the end of may! for two weeks only, though i might take my vacation then amp i better see you!
doing course work better than being in work i suppose !!!
im quasisingle, not really looking, and i have no interests besides pornography. i guess we cant make out, then.
eatin at boca chica... shoulda ordered the skirt steak
gay ass phone company and i made a new account and been trying to join for a year already
haha its amazing right! i miss you! i wanna come back
aww, that sux!! get some rest and drink plenty of water. feel better
no tour to little barrow this time? the canteen will miss ya good luck guys xx
sleep. goodnight. early sunday for me
my pirates are looking sad as ever
see u later time to move and do work! dont have smart phone to carry around with me and send tweets on the run
is stuggleing with a 300 piece puzzle thats aged 7
i think im coming down with something.
i tweet so much so i dont know what youre agreeing with
i just had a break down
today really feels like spring, how many days until our next snow? i miss it
a why. omg i really wana c ure new show but it is not out here
indoors work on this beautiful 80 degree day
im yet thinking of earthquake in abruzzoitaly
ohhh it didnt work thats not good! xx
another shoe throwing incident! journalist jarnail singh threw a shoe at home minister chidambaram!! bt missed target
boo...thats where ill be sitting too providing i get the show settled quickly enough anyway! feel better soon x
now going to bed...im tired as anything! gotta get up early for work...
okay, goodnight, i love you so much xxxx im sorry, too
new boss looking agitated again today. been keeping quiet... heard hes used the sword by his desk on new employees before
ouch i can just imagine a toothpic in the eye or something
ugh why am i awake so early
went to stirling, bought a new top, only three pound, bargin! cant wait til friday. more shopping, yay! back to school on monday though
has not slept in for months. why is my body always making me get up by 8am?! whyyyyyyyyy.
cleaning the house, making barbies bed as everyday... and my face is burning!!!
you should tweet me when youre ready to talk. i tried to get you after my shower today but you didnt answer your skype lt3s
negotiations endotheyear party but were just starting the mediation phase
i dont remember the artist its an 80s song though ..
free ewaste event today in eastlake at the walmart. you all should come by until 3. and i see the irony in it being at walmart
goodnight all...workin late tomorrow then movin the next four days!! so blessed to have amazing people in my life...missin my sweets
def taking my northface out of what i thought was retirement
was watching larry king live and our cable went out booohoooo
cant im at work already and not off until 6 then off to the 2nd gig
nursing celeste with a tummy ache.
no watching rushmore though!
is so jeles argh. sy pn mau jln sm kau jg. sadddddddddddddish
me me me!! although, from cambridge, to be precise. i want mr.sam though asot400
great day in trabuco today.spent the morning in aliso looking homes. thinkin i want to nap on the hamock now, but work calls.
no, dont think it is
im disappointed the spurs lost tonite. its not looking good. hope the spurs show up monday nite.
is heading to bed after a long day of meetings, sushi and wine! plus i have a cold.
800am typical british morning. cold, wet, road full of miserable angry drivers..... good times! i need a holiday
that movie was soo lame
its official chuck liddles ufc career is over. or at least it should be
the jury represented the plaintiffs lawyer hung i smell a settlement instead of a retrial...
i had video for 10 seconds... and then it failed asot400
sending love and prayers madonnas way. something has got to change...sad for the disrespect yaquotll are shown.
well the truth is, i didnt want to hurt your feelings gtgt stick to the day job lol ... its all luv still xxx
noooo only today and tomorrow left to schools back in. i think imma cry. i absolutely hate school with a passion
ive just been faffing actually, reading which is work but doesnt feel productive.
you looked pretty! i eloped... no wedding pics for me
working til 6pm, after that class til 9.45pm, hopefully wing night after that ... miss my isag guys already
morning twitters... im going on only 2.5 hours of sleep.
no bueno indeed. and because is tires are taller than standard avalanche ones it might need to be towed. i just wanna be home now!
you dont want to know
seven pounds is too sad for me
is sick for the first time all year
feeling not up to anything.. sighhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
no more rain pleaaaaseeee
pine with imap is slow with gmail, and the inbox gets closed from time to time, big hassle
madeleine is being bad
bored outta my brains
trying to get rid of a stupid virus off of our computer. hubby accidentally opened something ridiculous!
looks like i cant find anyone to host tonights broadcast therefore its cancelled. sorry guys
still no electricity, two days now dangit. pgampe has missed the appointment we had
that link never works for me.
5 foot of water over the road in front of the complex. the lakewater feature in the middle of the complex is almost completely full
sometimes you have to smile, pretend everythings ok, hold back the tears and just walk away
my habs are not looking so hot
needs a fix from pitt amp putt or swimming!
aww why not?? they r the cutest things in the world so easy to love them n they love u back so much sniffles
have fun tom, i need to buy eclipse too but i have no money. sad timess
that was so sudden!!
at the hospital getting my friend put in
gentle huggs...sorry, sweetie
i almost slipped into a panic attack tonight. it took a lot to fight it off
you like disco and not awesome 60s metalskatepunk?
i havent created a support ticket because its back up now..but its zee.me my domain. its up and down every couple of days
yes! tell us all about your concert coming up! mines not for 29 days.
is not feeling well...
sorry, twitter was having issues last night. you picture dissapeared
wants to watch 17 again!
good night and its still only day four
i really want to go to thunder today, but my dog is going crazy and i cant leave him all day long but iquotm boooooored
sick again... quotequotim sick sophie!!!...make me feel better! now, or ill bite youquotnick jonas everyone
good luck tomorrow! i wish i could be there i thought about a road trip for about 5 minutes today then reality took over
thanks you too! i have an essay to write
last night in az
im sorry that the day was not a sucess things will get better. did you read the out.com interview? amazing!
lol i kant believe cam got beat upp sooo embarasssiiiin
there are too many animals without homes, and its really sad. i hate seeing pictures of them locked up in tiny cages
guess i should go to bed... have to be up in 5.5 hours... havent been able to sleep lately too stressed about website not being done yet
im lonely keep me company! 22 female, ithaca new york
canucks won! sweet! its a friday night and im ready for bed. im super lame. nite nite.
my alarm is set to go off in three and a half hours
is depressed, rw is sold out help me out here! im despered
in bed getting ready for my last night at camp hope
stuff i miss about boston and philadelphia dunkin donuts, ne clam chowder, wawa, cheesesteak and of course friends and family.
sad way to end the game. citi is pretty. citifield mets brewers
haha at least ur doing something today im stuck at home
ugh....92 degrees tomorrow
i hate the 360 degree view mirrors in changing rooms. now having a bad hair and fat day
ur beta off with her... im beta off without u...everybody wins yet somhow ive lost
working today and microbiology homework.....
going to work. it should be illegal to have to go to work this early on a weekend!
dude, i have to go on a 4 mile run in cold ass boston after waking up just now. this sucks
you pirate. every time you do that, a kitten dies horribly. also, cd quality gt mp3
hi there. hows the day going for u into chocolate..naughty, naughty. i agree with u, chocolate is great me on a diet right now
bet you let mcgee on there! hahahaha
feeling soree, bad idea to go running when your sick
lol i know
im waiting for a parcel and its just not arriving argh hurry up hurry up
i have been up an hour already... on a sunday too!
i was just thinking that. i was worried enough about hitting roos and pets while driving at night
keeeerrrrriiiiii!!!! i really have nothing better to do then post on this thing at 224am.....wonderfullll. says alot.
anyone who reads this pray for my grandma. shes in pain
evening! finally able to drag myself back to the pc after a bout of food poisoning from friday night not my kind of weekend.
you should ask your cousin. i want to watch tv tonight
woke up from a nightmare and wasnt here. lt3
i wish more people would follow me
aww poor bradie stuff those vegies! take a stand!!
the sky is looking very dark here...the rain cant be too far away
are you mad?
my camera spoil
is b o r e d. waiting for people to get twitter so i could follow themm!
was gonna play guitar hero with prince charming on xbox live, but buttface dad said no.
weather not looking good
joe and jon did the butt dance together n i thought i was recording it but i didnt push the button all the way so i didnt get it
lol okay. i just didnt recognize the face, i guess. i still miss youuu, though!
hello all, slow getting going today ... i just feel like curling up with my book for the rest of the day ...
this whole staying up till 4am or later thing is really making it hard to function lately.. why cant i sleep?! i have tried everything..
perhaps because im so bummed the night stinks? in downey, ca
bosch hydropower hot water systems suck. spiders love em amp my brand new one cost an extra 150 to clean out, not covered by warranty
work until 3. blah
damn...i just so bored.....
was trying to have a twitterbreak this weekend but failed...im an addict
gee, 4 12 hours of sleep is definitely not enough. its going to be another tough day.
my water company is terrible. i wish it could be like phone companies where you could pick which ever you want...
what about me jay i want a keychain
time for warcraft yes, but for a simple game of a group of fans no just let us know if u figure it out, you want the prize?
good morning to all of you!! who won the birthday game? cannot get you on my radio at my desk
nice relaxing day today....i should write something in my journal....i wish i was in sf again
its almost 3 am and im wide awake
i am really tired but cant go to sleep
youre making me hungry!
accidentally hacked into s online store and created a 10 auto discount. ceo is must make up for it by increasing sales 10
i think its set in stone untill end of 09, if the rumors are true.
oh gosh, i am so sick today
i had a dream about one of the people who i follow and they follow me...he went to prom and i didnt
ahh juicy fruit gum lose their flavour sooo quickly
headache
gutted about arsenal result...especially as other half a chelsea fan
hahaha suriously! i feel like everyone knows this show is a joke except lc!
bye
poor ando. he just got shot
im lonely keep me company! 22 female, salt lake city utah
i cant believe you saw 17 again wo me!
no way. ive been stung by one. i am terrified
omg. it is official! after much denial and struggle, i am sick.
this always happens to me its not fair to get ur hopes shot down on a daily baises ...
beautiful day in the triangle. too bad i gotta spend most of it inside.
is looking for a dress for her friend but cant find it
clearing my desk...
it honestly is me gillyette, i just want to be me i think i have your email somewhere, i have been so busy with my mum, 2 secs
its too cold for spring
sitting here waiting for kaleb.. will see if parentals dont drag me to party before he gets here
ashton kutcher i stopped following you d why are you still showing up
we regret to inform you that your paper has been rejected
oh snap, bars and liquor stores arent open on the statutory holidays during easter. stupid retarded laws
no, i cant believe i just wrote that. the reason why she couldnt make it was her neighbor shot himself yesterday. omg! rest in peace.
when you read my updates, blogspot, bulletin on myspace, etc. you could just figure it out on your own. i dont care
i missed gareth emery the other day..and even today his set was not streamed asot400
knew i should have brought two caffinated beverages to the library
last show of quotguys and dollsquot tonight!
thanks hun. my appointment isnt until 2pm but we have to travel an hour to get there. i hope youre feeling better soon
suddenly our workplace webnanny is blocking bit.ly so i cant get to any of the sites youre tweeting about.
i want the entire collection! i love that heart box! i only have 3 seasons
oh crap came back from my walk and computer had hung again with black screen. restarted and corrupted graphics again even during post
mite have the flu watching snl on e! entertainment
man... im nervous for today haha fuck you rachael for leaving me
lolol i always go myer but never see u
getting ready then going to work
quarter til midnight. spring break is nearing its end
ok, so entwines tour bus caught on fire and im not ok wthat! now thats them and kill hannah with a close call in the past 12mos.
just got in from a not so cool night just dont understand how some people can be so inconsiderate of others!
you supposed to ask me, doing anything today? guess i do nothing, so hot here
very, very bored...
i want a hair wrap. someone do one for me pleaaaase
it got cancelled hrs ago.
mum is going to see a doc tomorrow. so worried hope shell be ok.
m is the only thing i know like the back of my hand
nawong how do i go about getting access to idzr.org im dying to try it out
tonight feels like a tylenol pm night. the only problem is you never know how im going to react to tylenol pm
i wasnt able to go to glorietta is it a nice movie tho? oscarwin worthy?
awh. yea. well i emailed her. lol
roomie was home all day. all he had to do was scratch at the door. comforter has to goto large laundromat machines.
i made it 6 hours... feeling shitty missing too many people, and obviously not handling it well. sleeping with willow.
hurrah! gave the coffee a miss today ... he was regreting that decisioin by midmorning no sleep for new dads
haha i was driving and bored...havent had any drinks
ckv2 sucks, morgen eindexamen
lost and it was st. ignacius prepatory school. haha.
so behind the scenes footage caught me doing something i am very apologetic for. really sorry kevin!
lol....wutever...u dont hit me up nemore
also, bullying stories hit way too close to home
please tell me why atamptn took almost 2 weeks to get my internet on. very disappointed
hi nick well i hope tant you asnwer me i really want to talk whit you anly like a friend well i hope you read this
still sick feeling weak cant enjoy this beautiful spring weather
dropped my iphone and now the home button doesnt work. good thing i get an upgrade in a few weeks. but that doesnt help me now..
yawns im pretty good, thanks, awww im sorry to hear that! feel better soon lt3
can you guys just sing me to sleep.....please
yikes! tomorrows race starts at around 830am! not sure if i am able to wake up that early
aidans soccer team wins, matthews bball team splits the doubleheader. shoulda won the 2nd game
i have so much work to do. its unbeleivable i feel like am gonna die
game tonight, exam tomorrow and its raining therefore i dont want to do anything lol
work wish i was outside . i should take my break soon!!!!
omg.this is the horrible mindset ive been having for a month now. hope u r doing well! o amp enjoy ur weather. its snowing here
should have stayed at home
no the kitties didnt make it out.
sydney rail advertising. graduate programs at railways was my first choice but alas i ended in fashion
ok now i want pizza real bad lol could so dig into a meat lovers right now!!
trying to do my 1st twitpic but my phone is not cooperating!
moms making me get off,boo be back tomorrow loves.love you lots my twitter family!love you tilaaaa!xoxoxo
stuck at curledge when i just quite frankly want to go home. still in a bad mood xx
off to the lumberyard
im not really leaving tomorrow am i ?
gawd! my laptop is fucked up now! system error?! just using my lil brothers laptop.
ok yeah what a joke!
is that preview for uk visitors only? there are roi hells kitchen fans too
i have things to tell you, why are you never on skype?
going to work... the work that pays the bills not the fun one
a bummerr...sorry missed it again
i get too suspicious of little stuff, especially when its night and i think and remember
hitting the weights hard, now benching 300... grams
wow, blazers game was horrible, not what i was hoping for
fuck. my capo is gone.
may bastos? i dont want to be blamed for picking that movie. we watched hsm3 before, everyone hated me okay thanks!
no zombie twitter accounts are following me
so ill just be waiting here for 14 hours for my music to copy on to my other computer..
have been on vaca but the weather wasnt cooperating
no shit man. i almost went back when they first got there before they started production. i guess ill just have to wait.
i had only 3 hrs of sleep now i have to function! my knees r so weak! i really hope you have a good plan!!!
and its gonna get worse. days are getting shorter and shorter..
is about to eat some cereal..and get ready for work. i wish that i could have sometime to play the sims..but..there is never enough time
considering new business name, which means new logo and website. finding it very difficult to pick a name though. been 2 weeks fail
i hate picking out desks i should just build them...it would be 10 times easier!!!
in bed with mah baby, dead tired. church tomorrow...praise jesus! night, yall! xs
a few catering gigs, very cool, getting ready for the normal week. working on easter.
i have mouth ulcer so painful to talk and eat!
quotquot eww....what about me
im gonna miss you lt3
no i want my lvl 55 back
ugh management project... back to tech tomorrow.. im going to miss my puppy tons!!!!!
just came home....drained.
hmmm...greed is good when it motivates the individual to do betternot so much when it takes away from others
ugh im waiting to hear back from a uni ive applied to, i really really really wanna get in so much, sad times
home! and not really feeling like doing anything.
i fell asleep early last night so i couldnt shower, im wearing sweats and glasses. and i feel like shit i wanna go home.
im so tired of work...i need a life....
miss you online.. too weird not seeing you online ..!! hehehe!
ugh i know. i live right off of conroy past kirkman and that light easily makes a 5 minute trip a 20 minute one.
they have a 2nd show right after, so i dont think well be able to unless we hang around detroit for two more hours!
welcome all our new followers! we will follow you back as soon as twitter lets us follow more than 2000 people
hoh??? i think you added me due to my stunning personality! but seriously, i cant remember..
poor tippy let us know if we can do anything for you guys.
omg. my mouth is in so much pain i just wanna sleep untill its time to take my braces off.
i want a real breakfast this morning
i miss game nights...
no maga, have some work at bsnl head office
but this is canada canada is weird. were supposed to get snow through wednesday. ugh.
i suck.
boys are so damn stupid
is poorly sick wishes she had lots of people giving her sympathy amp flowers
it wont let me play doh keeps saying user not valid
oookay, installation is done, no errors. but it doesnt work. nvidia and glx modules are not found
im trying to make a chicken soup like my mothers,... but without a recipe.. this will be interesting... and i cant find matzah.
back work. had a bad start of day almost falling down the stairs not enjoying work yet...
noes. its saturday. itll be slow all day.
y isnt it as sunny as yesterday
firefox e lanati ! hey crash hey crash!
i want to crawl back into bed. woke up late, rush to take ashley to school got ticket. what else is gonna happen today?
ugh. i wish someone would make a da script to make it easier to remove people from your devwatch what a ballache!
at riot room waiting for the hot wife of fohps guitar player
i feel so out of the loop sometimes i have to write a poem tomorrow for english, wish i actually had some talent in writing night all
tried to help luke into bed, and he threw up in my shoe. i got sick in my shoes!
need to get ready for work
just got home from work...work again tomorrow morning. shower then bed now...
....elderly that im terrified of becoming. i dont mind healthy young elderly people. but this. this is my absolute fear. amp i cant quit
is back to looking for a job...this sucks so bad.
we were suppose to go camping this weekend, bad weather changed those plans
wants more celebrities to come to england .. i miss florida real bad
i couldnt bear to watch it. and i thought the ua loss was embarrassing . . . . .
im craving food like nobodys business!
i might break down and eat some buffalo wings tomorrow
god its a gloomy rainy day
dreading getting up monday morn.work again
the gassy girl wasnt there, and new girl did so awful i want to cry!! not even coffee coffee will make this better.
i want to invite my parents to my home,but my wife dont agree with me
you know, i was thinking... i need money
just watched the notebook its so sad
i feel so confused
are you mad at me?
cant eat, drink or breath properly thanks to the bad throat infection
watching quotcasino royalequot bluray, i cannot tell how better the pic quality is... sad
aw no!
wants her step brother home im so worried, you dont even know. i hope he knows how much i care for him...
so jealous that i have never had the chance to go to the viperroom maybe someday
ive got that i cant do this anymore feeling
just passed a freeking stone..... 15hrs later!!!!! ouch
concert is over... but twitpics to follow!
lost sucks ... because i have to work today
still a bit sick but working on 2 articles today
i think the car buying experience is making me sick.
i am so tired, stayed up too late last night, keltie and mariah are still sleepiong, i want them to wake up niow though
is sad its raining out
doing science homework! yay
of course youre in hollywood......
i just want someone to come home to
totally pissed away her day doing nothing! gawd, now im behind
ah man so sad, his cousin committed suicide yest and she was 8 months pregnant can you imagine... we been crying non stop...
why doesnt high school teach apa style citation? its all im supposed to use in my class
is twitterless...
powers out all in deland.. wind is so crazy it blew over a power line! but class must go on
i jus noticed you wrote to me yesterday sorry naaaattttyyy what uppp
sounds like back when i was in college and had to submit a perfectly replicated musical recording as a .mid file.
i just watched house and got really sad i liked kutner.
being sick again!!!!
i have a small mouth by default. i dont have to try
i want my ipod to work again!
it looked like the kind of thing i wouldve had to stay around for an hour or two to get an autograph. sorry
im lonely keep me company! 22 female, charlotte north carolina
no one has brought us a mixtape yet.
would be fantastic if my home loan wasnt fixed. everyone is rubbing their hands together with this interest rate cut, except for me
i was like that before..not having a regular sleep..insomia..but i really tried to fix it..its not good when it fires back.
i think i need to get laid. sad revolution i had earlier rofl
no sleep. nothing is closing my eyes.
the mikey worm! its a virus. some kid hacks into ur acct. i dont know how 2 get rid of it! help!!!
lol better let aboy021 know if hes doing the deploy before his 930 bedtime. hope you are feeling better. being sick sux
sch start tmr.
read the book the strange case of benjamin button by francis scott fitzgerald ... sad end leave hearts broken lt3
ugh, that is unprofessional of them. ill be over to punch the pharmacist in the teeth.
not getting my tweets to my phone
i might be getting one from someone according to an email i got but i never got a follow up email so im not sure
got off 1230 am and now i am on my way back 2 ocs land!
one of my teachers died yesterday
wish i was a fly on the wall in that room! dance sing wishin i was therefamily came first. god wish i was there!
guess what? my dad is pregnant!!! lol nah, the doctor does have to give him an epidural for his chronic back pain, though.
is missing n ol frend amp is thinking bout her rite now
i wish my new glasses werent so expensive
meat week day 3 tummy hurts every night
me too where are you? im here too!!!
fuck la circulation ce mat1
bad luck follows me around closer than my own shadow.
i cried so hard when matthew died
is off to italy today! no more starcraft for a couple of weeks though
wtf? im loosin my followers im too drunk to get emotional lol
cannot unlock espresso
wow sometimes this site is funny, but other times it just really depressing shame that this kind of stuff happens to ppl
lol... winter is the only season that i wanna experience sooo badly! over here its always hot cz of the tropical weather...
me quothey, what is that barenaked ladies song that i like that you dont?quot her ??? me
mii m0ni i have huge headache!!!
why am i wide awake again at 3am?!? exhausted..wish boy was here to cuddle but hes working
hommmmeeworrkkk boooo hope you fellas had a good night
diddy is stupid. amp i miss dk!
love the show! you and jasmine got me watching! every mtv web exclusive has me worried that u 2 will split u r a great dancer!
tell him im so sorry that makes me sad
just missed one of the most important parties in my highschool life
stay awake girl! partylife
whats the deal with my teams losing today?! argh... no fun!
i dreamt that i owned gta4
having some issues w computer amp ipod. little bit of murphys law.
i so am not looking forward to working tomorrow i think ima play some dead space insted of freaking my self out watching the history tbc
thats sad all good things must come to an end though
i heard timewarp was fantastic! gutted i missed it, was playing egg
depends when youre going though. dont want to be hanging around town for ages.ooo aisha,tune!doreta beach would rock! x
laying in bed. carnival ride hurt me
im so sorry. i made a mistake to some people who i know wont waste time reading this. but still im sorry
i woke at 4 a.m. and had a dream that made me worry about stuff.... so i got up and read blogs. now i feeling it!
i wanna go to another country
the link to today show doesnt work i think u have to take out the periods or sumthin...
did not jave a good nights sleep and epicfailed on my group today. sorry guys
my daughter fell asleep at the computer desk...pretty hilarious....now my tummy hurts!
wow i was really excited about that music video then it was pretty lame
bed much later than i wanted...up at 5 am for work tomorrow til 3 ughhhhhhh
i dont like that. take care...
, hangover
ooooh.... lol that leslie.... and ok i wont do it again so leslie wont get mad again
half my emails i just sort into copious folders and never look at again...and then there is the spam emails...i sympathise.
i dont understand why things get taken away. i didnt have enough time with him its unfair. i want him back!! he was like my baby
time for bed. im mad thirsty though. boring day ahead of me. no bootz til next sunday. arrrrrrrrr! whats an explora to do?
my sisters kitty eva had three babykittens yesterday, but something is wrong with her and needs to go to the vet
ouch. bummer
im lonely keep me company! 22 female, milwaukee wisconsin
omg im watching old ppl dance ecuadorian music help
starting tomorrow i vow to tweet less so alyssa will continue to follow my facebook updates mobilly.
rob thomas amp prince best male!! female.. dont really have a fav
so tired! didnt go to bed until almost midnight
i messed up my quotvictoryquot copy with a glass of coke can you send my another one, kit?
i would say this shoe shopping trip was a fail. i only left with 5 pairs
oh bugger that means he probably lives around here
internet hug yep, i know the feeling.
where can i buy foar if im in russia? hmv and itunes do not sell to russia
brilliant idea. just bring as much as you think youll spend amp ill swap you. bring a brolly
no more hassle with vintage instruments good thing you the band help keep the flame alive.
is pissed off that theres no asbas for a radio station.
i definitely have to repack with warm clothes. this is not exciting. i was looking forward to sun!
yeah, sad times
well im gonna go get ready for school, then im going to school
my man crush jake peavy let me down gayforpeavy
cbi is congress bureau of investigation. ...ita a big red question mark on the capability of indian judiciary system...
feels like i have neglected twilight im sorry lol
ugh. back to 40 dollar fill ups at the pump
being sick really sucks! especailly since this is like the 4th time this winter...ok its spring, but youd never know!
aw balls. the new shirt i got at aerie today doesnt fit. i wear a medium, but they only had a small in the one...
five in the morn and am awake wiv a migraine
i know its funny but i liked papa markus more hahahaha dont laugh at me! but yes, shim is awesome. he drives me crazyyy.
gurns are losing now 32 yoooooo unfortunately cliftonville just went one up against us...
i miss
oh jesus, thank god im not there to be watching that with you. its only 8 here.. im not used to the differenceee
the hills episodes were so sad ps. love your name
has arrived home and wet. i mean, totally wet
i slept for too long last night. my head aches now
bored and lonely
needs to buy more csi cause he basically seen all of these like 50 times or more.
going home to stew in my bad mood
not fun transferring tweetdeck.com to new hosting should be there now for most...apologies to those affected, working on it
i cant enjoy the weather
i think my arms are sore from tennis
on the way back to albuquerque with my love. not wanting to leave sunday
waiting outside for locksmith
just booted into windows to upload something since internet is even worse under ubuntu
i need a massage my neck hurts 800 down, 1700 to go ughhhh
im not a fag you douche!!!!!!!!!!! on another news, awesome! lets go on the 25th!!! i just hope it doesnt get cancelled?
but then its harder for me to keep track pussycatisland
is trying to start studying again in this gulps, horrifying hot weather
i hate 2 b allergic i want a puppy soo bad that ive already thought some cool names
going to bed got to work in 5 hours!
has severe writers block
i dont like goodnights
disappointed over sound quality at educamp09 especially in some of the recordings.
tweetdeck keeps crashing on me writing my next blog post, will be up in a couple hours.
ya? well jump on a plane and go! i just cant w8 for the weather. ill be lonely til august! boo
i wish was coming out tonight
i dunno at this point, im sorry lol
so drunk in a bath stlal i cant move
listening to an old interview with jtg john taylor gatto...before i get down to business, yup working on a sunday....
just about to leave for another exciting day at work
back from dentist mouth is numb and its all shitty.... fucking fillings
blarg i hate waking up and my whole body aches too bad thats more or less every morning.
still trying to learn gmaps and flex and php and mysql. how will i be able to write to database?
ill have to say no...
i wish i was stranded near famï½es
i would if i knew them ed si que se duerme temprano s
crowd last night was screeming.. must be bcuz were in area 2... shame asot400
morning all, im back from my little break from the computer. back to work again today
you know you work yourself too hard when you have to set free time for your self. so im spending it here
made it into dc on saturday afternoon after 17 hours in air and am now in south fl...jetlag sucks!! havent had a full sleep since thurs
i know! two weeks went by wayyy too fast!! seeing mcfly a week today! stupid exams coming up really fast
i had really weird nightmares where i was a ghost during the alaskan goldrush, fighting aliens and ufos! thanks alot pepperoni pizza!
not really...
i cant find it! it says dtmafiaofficial doesnt exist!theres jus 1 dtmafia i found n u dun seem to b followin it wht to do?
i desperately need a windfall. budgets suck. i cant afford fun!
so i guess my 3 in 1 printer is just a 1 in 1 printer. it cant print or copy anymore, just scan....
no mary amp i were going to go dress shopping tomorrow.
in for a long, long day got to the track at northampton 1230, racing starts 630, probably wont be back home before midnight boohoo!
blegghhhh i have to go to work
i wonder why they dont follow anyone.......that makes me sad
eating lunch... forgot to get home cooked food this morning
todays plan driving back to vienna spring cleaning in my flat
why, why god why?
thats great about your license! wish youd got the rest of it back.
need more tour
i wish i was there it looks like fun.
do i neei dotn get any comments and suggestions
after chillin with and , i now want a blackberry. i felt left out today
jack is a little more tolerant but daisy just freaks out at everything. even her own feet scattering on the floor. makes u sad!
so sad the hotels cappaccino machine is set for decaf campcourage
i am sooooooo sad i cant go to bonnarooooooo this year
twitter was down when i went to bed last night. but now it back and so am i!
did you hear about sxephils father.. so sad.. poor philyd..
moms pissed... i dont think i get a life today... woo
dude wat a nite! got in at 6 now at work
yup replacing daniel kandi since he couldnt get a passport unfortunatly asot400
there was a jolt... i was awake...just another wednesday....
trying to find the real alan carr
so sorry for your loss....another thing we seem to have in common.
havent heard from her today
is mompreneur. hmm.. my bro needs my laptop today, so.. means i cant do my work
having hot flushes......oh dear
here it comes again
i wantz to go to chicago
is sitting at home, copying presentation notes onto index cards. would rather be eating movie popcorn and ogling zefron.
poor pistons just dont get swept. thats all i ask.
i wanna go home
yikes! hope its not too serious.
ok its official, i feel like crap. dunno if its allergies or a cold but i hate feeling the phlem at the back of my throat.
finally home. rawr so much work to do
pff! ï½pero por que no? por favor, follow me!
wrong asot400
thanks for the budget feed tip. following the disaster as it happens
no cufon for this project, 1500 additional fee for web embedding
physical and mental pain
i want one too is the branch in midv open too?
going into work...even though i feel a little nauseous...
just got up world!! and all of the damn cereal is gone! what am i gonna eat...?
nah man we just got here. and there was no britney involved someones not a fan....
okay, have to revise that. productpage says nope.
redoing journal css. journal css and contents are outdated.
man i shouldnt have put cheese on that crab salad sandwich...
i need motivation!
oh no! thats not good
why am i still up. great now i have to shower and go to class.
to be honest im leaning more towards the 650 at the moment. i just dont need that massive pulling power, nor that price tag
didnt stretch before and after my oztag game... now im hurting
asot400 next big asot on the moon!??? hahahah sad its almost over
clean me!
bah! hairline fracture in the impellor hub titsuptuesday
deal!!!! oh no i didnt save any oh well come on over mary we will make some more grins
i cant believe i am working on such a beautiful day
feels she wasted her day off.
dreading the fact that shes at home, and not still in the dominican
whoa. danger radio called me back...stupid me didnt have my phone with me. no talk. i got a voicemail though. yay!
almost out of work then home to sleep in an empty bed
not feeling so hot today
e my sock slid half way off, now my feet are gonna get cold
ugh. pizza would be fantastic right now. too bad this isnt phx. no pizza places open ppast like 10 here.
o just hit my elbow really hard on a door
stop trying to steal babies. i have to get up at 6
is arting
stupid caffine headache! i hate the addiction grrrr
i can haz a title with mirror in it plz pretty plz
i have a cold again,boooo waiting for my love to get homelt3
is now going to bed. have to get up in 5 hours! no make that 4 12
wow! that sounds fun! nah just going to melbourne for a couple of days unfortunately
typing a report....soooo boring
might have to go to hospital on my foot for an xray, have to wait for the doctor to call me back to confirm, i hate hospitals!!!
aw im sorry, bb middle school was pretty decent to me. it was high school that nearly destroyed me.
working til 5 on very little sleep
chillin out on my bed. each time i eat something sweet i get an intense headache whats wrong with me? oh yeah i alliterate!!
going to sleep. long day. and i chipped a fuckin tooth! night everyone have good dreams
i dont understand why you cant pull it up.
im going to check out gloss this week! how is the snow up in foco? its taking out our trees here
pulled out the couch, did not get near enough pizza, and dad has the thermostat in the mideighties, with no sign of turning it down.
i look like rudolph!
is extremely disappointed she wont be able to go to dezs tonight. i guess shes not meant to get out of the damn house.
massage was great. i just spilled coke all over my desk lame. watching the simpsons as ive finished all my hills dvds.
smart start 24 chipped tooth
ok...never start painting a wall and not put on shoes you dont care about.
i know, just wanted to let everybody know what was happening
not sure to tell u the truth its been so long since ive seen him but ask sumos daddy he has full custody lol
off to work i dont think its gonna be a good night
hahahahaha! i miss you toooooo! i have kwentooo! ill tell you next time we see each other. gt
i am so jealous you are a member of itleaked
omfg, days like these kill my soul. and its not even lunchtime yet.
miss you
wow one of our kittens was killed by a dog tonight, all my little siblings cried
no money yet, i dont know anyone who has maybe its all just a lie!! hes having us on so we all like him a little bit more lol
why have people forsaken icq? this makes me sad in the pants...
hey whatd u video say? im sick in bed amp cant watch it explain?
nobody tells the difference with my hair
someone spoiled it for me last week
ugh. looks like the blues might just lose this one too.
yeah, i even turned off rules and spam blocking
im up because my 3 year old son told me to be! ...like he does everyday!
landed and waiting at baggage.
im annoyed because my sister didnt pay her half of the phone bill... so my phone doesnt work now
bc its not even funny
i got the turtle neck
surgery 2day cant eat until like 5 or 6 im hungry!
i know erin, i was literally sobbing over quotmarley amp mequot. soooo sad
they could be the queens ferrets and theyd still not be nice as far as im concerned. im no a ferret lover im afraid
cant believe the cardinals have given up the lead and im sitting here hoping they can get it back.......
sucks...
give it a name tomorrow gotta get up early
holy shit. theres no snow in richmondyet. stupid weather
i found my madden 08! in 09 ...oh well, i say old is new again!
so sleepy. friday night was ruined by a stupid shift work tmrow
weve been good. im not liking the snow right now, was getting used to the nice springlike weather. how about you?
i am at traffic school. boo oh well only last till 100
i know i shouldnt feel upset about losing a follower. who was probably a porn star or trying to sell me something. and yet, i do.
mr nimoy did not attend the screening afaik
studying econs at 1 in the morning. boo this songs awesome! monay monay by poetic ammo
the rain in spain would appear to be mainly falling in torrevieja
i had to bring my car in the shop today. no carno ride. have fun though!!!
omg they were so cute wish i was there
my piggie is ill
thats a pest grr to spam!
brian wenzel premature ejaculation ads making me ill.
at asf studio! im hungry and i want to be at starbucks
i need to find a liquor store in nyc that sells hancocks reserve
finger hurts, cant sleep even after my vicoden amp alcohol combo...
awehh i hate it when i half to leave too! and my names shannonmyleigh hahaha!
omg its raining
im having such a hard time dealing with everything i cant help but think about her alot i wonder how shes handling this. is she ...
me too, ive got a week at head office this coming week
aired 2006
rest in peace robert garcia....
lan partywas awsome. . i wish emely was there
ill post the anwser tomorrow which is the last day of spring break
jamestown?
my throat is worse this morning than it was last night. i thought i was past this
fraid not and i love zelda too
it feels like my throat is on fire
dont feed cars milky ways though they dont like it. that advert was very misleading breaking down on the a14 isnt fun
jade is looking for a new home...
the hardest decision.. what album will i take off my itouch cause i have no memory left yay for 800 updates! haha
i would hope that most agree with you there. a worringly long day hope all goes in your favour x
lmao did you learn that the hard way? my pig cant sing very well
says i kinda miss my long hair..
i wish i ate as well as , i ate chili from a can tonight
i am getting ready for school start a 800 not in your seat by 8 your tardy!
uh oh. i bought the wrong deo, waaaah! i dont want my kilikili to smell like luya
sounds ace. i want to go back to uni.
aw oh well, its the one with jan guillou, so everyone might not like it.
damn baby, you always sleeping on me
just dropped kayla off. i luh dat gurl
greeeeat but now i ate all my hard work away
twitter spam seeing messages that start with quoti bought the 3 bundle.quot whenever a new comm channel grows, spam follows
its 5.02am here in the uk, just done 45mins of business coursework damn im going to die tomorrow how am i going to fit the rest in
slight hangover
sorry for your loss, lady. xo
why wont you show my location?!
dont hate me! you get too. i just want benji. hes all ive ever wanted.. besides jordan knight. but i lost him
i want some penny loafers sooo bad!but idk where to find some
ever feel like god is a kid with a magnifier on an ant hill? im starting to think so...
needs some effing glasses. im so blind now maybe insurance will rain from the sky?
same xd i feel...sick though
i saw a dead fox last week. and then a dead kestrel! live in the making!
do you have an extra bed frame perhaps? mine broke!
i am in so much pain. my back is fucked up... i dont know what happen. it feels like something is out of place in my lower back.
snl....the best of amy poehler....lol.....a it comes to an end....
this isnt fair. i hate this. d
lying in bed wishing the kitchen was magically in her bedroom, hungry!
its all up to us mike. i understand what you say but i think its us that need to change my opinion but yours is good too! lol
say something profound im having a bad day. my college is trying to f me over.
aww that sucks. get well soon sweetie.
wow neighbor to my right is blasting 300. woke me up.
damn...audio on the fresno game went all weird and now i cant listen to it.
ordered our new washing machine to replace the broken one. another ï½350 lighter now it is an 8kg one though!
stressed about tmw.
too bad i dont give out my number anymore could of had a cutie
how do i put the pdf thingy on twitwall? anyone?
what beautiful weather were having today! now whats a guy to do in all this snow and rain? damn weather
working too need a break too!!!!
cant feel my fingers from plucking all those birds, so that means i wont be online long...
today i was told that i was desperate for love... sad thing is that i may have to agree
asot400 cant get nothing
come on chelsea!!!! wishing i was watchin the game.... lookin forward to seeing the boys tonight after victory is ours....yep yep! x
missing someone.
yay we won our debate... but now im tired... and bored. and im weird when im bored...
there should be a go to top option, but not one that i know of
baby, upppppp earlyyyyyy a lotttttt. o give me your breakfast?
im like bored as hell right now lol and im kinda in the mood for icecream buts it 150am and all the icecream shops are closed __
at work
gosh, looks like im housebound for the next wee while. this is horrible
happy birthday!!! sorry you have to work today.
oh...... i missed it
can i trade your day for mine? today is working, coffee coffee coffee, working, boring poli sci reading oh and more coffee
at the hospital
is bummed, went to check out warped tour and scary kids wont be playing in ohio
sorry, cant help there
i emailed you yesterday and u never responded
i dont have nice things
hi katelyn! any news about that tv show you were taping? idk if u mentioned it the other day at the chat, i wasnt home
this is exactly why as cities burn worries me quotas cities burns third and most likely final outingquot from their new album review
i think our coffee pot died
completely disinterested in the fa cup this year what with it being hidden away on setantashitv.
burnt my finger
thanks for link, will keep it for next time as i had already ordered glasses
lamentably i am today saturday in the work
i wish i could go to monterrey... may 17th
im lonely keep me company! 22 female, california
my mighty mouse,is no longer so mighty. itï½s getting strange. oh,apple whyyyy?!
there is a green hair on my screen and i cba to move it
i know.. mine to.. you never reply me.
body of missing northern calif. girl found police have found the remains of a missing northern california girl ..
its 4 am now. . . i need to go to bed. i am dying of football
is missing the ipl action due to the time difference
im so bummed! i cant ride my bike until my new wheels show up on tuesday
v. has left to go meet up with some friends. so very bored. gem wont even entertain me
com mtoooo friooooo !
its so cold this morning! not even 40 degress today. im wearing 3 layers and still shaking. brrrr....
theres really a group like that? they should blend the two words together to form ï½ knitter! oh wait, i guess thats normal.
driving my niece back to boston on easter sunday priceless. blowing through the fastlane without a pass 50
the guild feels lonely without you on.
oh we were sssssssssew busy last night. and my phone broke and i aint throwin nuthin but love atcha, babe
that sounds fair horrible. i was going to repeat myself, but i guess the text i just sent you would do it better. whee.
soooo disappointed your t.i. party is when i leave for vegas. i was so jacked up when you first talked about it, now nothing
hopes there is sprouses people magazine edition that will cheer her up
morning tweetpeeps, i didnt get to bed until 3am yesterday. was on msn to alex until 2 and then wanted to play dead space before bed
i miss my 808 fam
my nvidia card was giving me fits, so i pulled it. now my p5evm is having a hard time believing it can do 1920x1200.
going into the shower, getting ready to work the grave yard
i am soo tired sigh
im hungry too tweeting is fun though
im only 540 years old in pixie years.
last day at mayas chilling out and then off to syracuse to see emily.
i want to go to the death cab for cutie concert
baby model with some baby attitude, didnt smile because she was getting the flu!
my record shop really does suck all they sell is mainstream
annoyed that my pic wont upload...and nooooo its not too big!!
shaking up some apple juice and watching the snow fall. the ...snow
feeling bloated and slightly nauseous
cant wait to try em but prolly have to wait until next weekend at the earliest
ughhhhhhhhhh twitter is bing sooooo retarded
twisted my knee...cant walk
soccer went well, and i didnt die! actually had some good stops and played a role in a couple scores for both sides!!!!
i need to buy a quotofficiallyquot unlocked iphone from hongkong any tips as i am in pakistan
after 2am and im still sniffling and sneezing. cant sleep. morning is going to come way too early
im too sleep deprived to enjoy all this house music im playing i will never stay up till 430 am only to get up for school at 6am
is sad because there was another earthquake in italy..
weekend chores done. now to get ready for snowbirds bachelorette party! and attempt to get some work work done.
im going 2 bed nowww surprising??? not rly, i have school 2morow, thats right, my spring break days r over
the timelapse stills are in folders oranized by day for 1 yr. bringing them in a day at a time. theyre named by time of day
my choices are limited since they blocked my hulu..
am sorry to say but it is still in the air
really want to watch the new fma. why does my internet fail so hard.
i drank soda i wasnt supposed to
sorry to hear about maggie. thoughts to your mum.
he did! i watched it last night. whataaaaaaa jerk. im soooo not rooting for him anymore!!
cant believe i missed oprah today
is thinking what a great day this was for cleveland sports but her precious browns were left out and she is sad fb
smile like you mean it. wow. this song brings back memories. still cant sleep.
i think nickdarcy got a raw deal! another champion leaves the pool.
for a really long time now shes the only girl i keep thinking about its about to be a year and still nothing guess my chances are up
getting ready for tao .. even though stans mia hmm..
i know .. did you here shes in london on wednseday
i have insomnia
just saw the pilot for caprica. it was excellent. have to wait ages for show to start next year
i just ate an uncooked pizza
cant work out whether i have hayfever or a cold. it will result in a red nose and a bad temper either way
im so sorry youre having to go through this. again. therapyfail
i didnt get to go to the museum. my ankle was sore again. i must have overdone it at the gym though i didnt notice it at the time
having a major head ache!!!! this sucks men! arrrrrrrg!
i still cant believe i broke my phone
lost my orders to great lakes.
late nights suckkk! gym always makes me feel better though!! photoshoot for what?
doesnt want anything to change, damn growing up
why does my life suck so much? hahahah time for a change.
i miss you.
working
a teddy bear lost an eye
dont feel well! thunder and lightning storm for 7hrs now hoping its the 2hrs sleep ive had thats making me feel so groggy.
for like 5 months!!!! it just was not workin....
ahhh!! the drafthouse had a surprise world premiere screening of the new star trek last night! and i was at torchys!
ohh no im starting to get a headache ugh!
michael crichton
but work is demanding for so much more
wishing i was going to play golf today. yard work instead. yay
i know the feeling.
hanging with friend. and doin hw. guy went to brunch.
me thinks its a bust 2day, were to late, we overslept but i can still keep u entertained wo the perving lol
yeaah i hate that!
ready for sleep but having trouble sleeping
nice! i didnt know you are a spurs fan. that makes like six of us on lsb, hahaha. kinda glad i couldnt watch tonight.
really need to clean the sensor in my slr. as it is i will be doing spot removal from several hundred pictures
had a moment with run fatboy run
zeitgeist is far away
tony has changed so much. why did he have to change?
the spring break blues have hit. im so bored i ran out of photos to manip and captioned tweets.
shitty day!
i was crawling out of bed about the same time but i dont even work nights! i feel so lazy, i guess i have a good excuse though
i have to be up in three hours time, so im going to try and get some sleep. ill talk to you later, i guess night xxxx
james lost 10 , a draw would have been fair
ew i just ate a piece of liver which i thought was normal meat
i didnt have a choice, she was trying to get you against me, she told me shed do it too shes a cunt, she doesnt care, and
cannot find my microphone cable
seriously though there are 6 pairs of shoes in that fedex box, all bought recently
the bus always comes lateee
i want to come home from work. im sick. _ my legs hurt
clean me!
tired. bed now. sorry about all the tweets tonight.
decorating then tescos then maybe cod4
edison, please dont shut my power off yet or i will have no music to play all day
ugh, what a waste of 3 hours...
just woke up...another 10 hour shift today started a pally last night...she kicks butt!!!
was that a rare game? still need to sell a few myself.
using a round foot rest as a step stool isnt the smartest idea... owww
aww so jealous...we have no milo
i have to work alone on saturday ...anyone wanna come keep me company? cough cough.
damn. you were serious. my bad. ok, cheese noted! btw, i own 2 of those. unlike you, i am ashamed. i also loved bring it on 3.
no show tonight. anon salon has been canceled. what shall i do instead?
its saturday!,... and im at work
i hate sundays, bought stuff for the ship watching an all day marathon of scrubs
haha, well i have lived in texas the past 12 years, i think that explains itself. lol. si habla espaool.
cant find my friends!
i see they are still having aftershocks over there. im following which tells me theres just been another 4.8 quake
call me next time...i just got your reply
giants lost. on the express train back to mountain view. can you believe nachos are 10 at the game? they were good, but not 10 good.
so i have an exam tonight beautiful day but i have to study
i hope so, i wouldnt want too many of those kind of nights! felt very unrefreshed!
loooooooooong day at work today but home chillaxin now
i hate the way my blog looks
why is my dad being a pain in neck today? can someone please take me to a happy place?
going to my 8 year old brothers first communion. what a way to kick off that weekend...
cant taste her ice cream due to stuffy nose worst thing ever.
youre a stranger
so nervous i think im gonna crap my pants
i miss you too bb
awww we already left. come to the galleria. please!
sleep for now then get up in 4 hours then a very busy week aghhhhh
headache , headache , headache its too much
can you not access my profile?
trying to shout but cant find people on the list
my poor dogs not feeling well. she threw up an hour ago and now i think shes having a bad dream. shes whining in her sleep.
lmao quotthats my biiiiiitchquot wish i was there
i am sorry .... i love you tho and thats all that matters hahahaha
wat does he look like?? plz put a pic up of him plz!! ill do anyfing for ya! i beg of u! anything abby anythingquot
cheesey ads
opening wine charlton have been relegated
that was so uncalled for
at home bored as fuck
listening to on bbc northampton. not going well, not our year
ugh damn i have so much work to do tomorrow
going to my least favorite classes today ugh i hate tuesdays!!!
a mann i need followers im a loser
journalists are up there with ambulance chasing lawyers in my reckoning
is damn sick...my head is literally blowing
cant belive it.. were home!! so sleepy 4 hrs today.. in round rock, tx
yup! obsessed! i bet theyve run out of stock though anyway thnx for the help with the phone, i was using the wrong code
nah. had my sweets taken away though. my poor ears hurt like hell the whole flight.
but its red and yucky i ordered a blue one which was pretty, and theyr not ever getting any more in
is sick...half price sushi from kumo did not agree with me.
had fun last night, unfortunately im feelin it this morning. and bubbles is passed out on the couch ahaha
trying to write an essay in english. painful
awww but 300 is also very much d oh my gosh do you know whats going on with nick?
still waiting for replacement cards what if i had no money at all??? insurance co. seem to be dragging their heels too
let me give you a hug, its cold here too
hmm, still a nogo. up here in canada were pretty restricted to what tv we can watch online because of copyright laws.
my twitter avatar isnt loading
work work work
aww chin up hun! you can do it
sadly, yes. i think i need counciling now
so i have tonsillitis and strep throat yay... stupid mouthwash is numming my mouth i hate being sick
cannot sleep....wide awake!!...and i gotta go to work later too. boy, am i going to have a crappy day.
wants to hangout with his friends
work today.....alas wish they would quit cutting my hours
that hurt my feelings bunit
at socos with everyone! what happened to the band tho
almost, but still about 2 months short. i got mine nov.21 and even with the annual upgrade i would still have to wait.
ohhh stupid whore!! argh well it is ok . . i love you
i want to go to ikea! why does it have to be so far away?
itï½s sunny! but i need to wash dishes
is hoping to enjoy the sun today plus get to the gym, shops amp cinema. back to work tomorrow joy!
i fucking hate people _ seriously, what fucking twat would try to pull someone out the car, threaten them and them fucking follow them?
havent tweeted in a while... but everything is swell ... adrian just got back from the spurs game... the mavericks won goodnight moon.
gossip girl was a repeat
last two weeks r coming so fast, dont want it to end
some of the design has come off a little, nothing major but still not happy have stopped attempts to stick it back nothing was working.
is in one of the worst moods ever
yes, and hes even hiring, but now that i own a house, im not in a great position to relocate to emeryville.
is probably sick. ffs.
ugh....why am i so tired?
doing freaking tally sheets for my survey project i wish i would have finished this in school and didnt have to do a bs chart
late night is all reruns
pigging wisdom teeth
jis cuz u spend 10 min putting on makeup doesnt make up for the 10 hrs. of mood swings
back rofl!! andyz dick still hurts rofl! poor guy
yay! shes not a bitch, just flaky
i hope not all is lost sigh
they are saying on the radio that theyve found that some fast food has a high level of saturated fat why did nobody tell me
gotta get dressed amd go into work today ..but do model nude every tuesthurs nite until may 7th in union at the cc
i ragequit because i died like 5 times haha. but good luck to you!
maybe its a sign to listen to snot!? love ya. x
damnit, slept in.
my stomach hurts busy day ahead of me, going on 4 hours of sleep.
ok ok ... after lotsa pleading from am leaving my comp for him to watch wall e
haha im unsure what i can deliver for foss.my. im not using alot of opensource software hail adobe for being expensive
ive decided that i am only getting married once, ever. if matt dies, i am not remarrying, because planning a wedding is awful.
you flight to germany but not to austria why???
no, the plain brown ones
i think it could wait for urgent care in the am if you want to save your dollars. doesnt sound fun at all to hang at er.
ive totally forgotten that i have a twitter account
im missing f.r.i.e.n.d.s amp instead watching dora the explorer i prefered mickey mouse
ha ha , damn you ! all that fun without me
aaww trey trey im sorry for being demanding i just wanted to hear from you. please accept my apology
i am officially banning godaddy.com from my comp. my head hurts from the small print and i wasted 10 that couldve happily gone to boba
ill call you tomorrow afternoon!! you dont have a nudge link!! or i cant find it... hmmm
long ride home and i am bored
this elucidation is killllling i cant find the right sources, so frustrating! this going to be a loooong night
just wants to find a good guy....
oh dear...help.
i just droped my phone and dented it
i know my life has been flipped upside down when i just thought in my head that some ramen sounds good.
no riches for sin
forgot to start the drier, so his towels are still wet. is it drier or dryer?
im so sorry. that really does suck. im here for you.
i did the pet course last time i was in sf. ok on theory which i knew, not so good on tools what i was after
good question. i had a craving for blonde eyebrows. they dont look too terrible. but worse than before.
why must i be up so early?
mtb accident yesterday. 10 stitches to face. 7 grazes one 20cm long. feeling sore. greenbelt half marathon in 14 days now unlikely
dont hold that against us were not all bitches like that lol
i just wanna wake up to a dozen red roses
my fingers hurt
still lost on designing air apps. might need to start from scratch.. off to bed for now. need to clear my head.
...out of characters boooo. i guess its just for quick qs and as and what ur doin kind of things and links
at kayleighs. service tomorrow. ugh. text me in the morning. i miss my bestfrannnnnnnn lt3
cant get past 43 in flight control
i miss this!
is strangely sad about lilo and samro breaking up.
aaaaannnnd my ipod touch just told me i have 10 battery remaining... i guess this means goodnight, my fellow tweeple? ok.
just lost 160
wish i could have participated this time
where are you? cons almost over amp i still havent seen you!
i still cant find my keys.
i have been trying all day but i simply cannot find the motivation to start this five page paper.
i borrow a car, get out to livonia for my washpost drug test 1hr early, confirmed it yesterday... and they arent authorized to test me.
going to look for curtains.
these people are crazy!! its like they are always watching me..waiting 4 my next mistake. they already attacked me multiple times tonight
i have lost my ipod
sitting outside doctors surgery so its my turn now bah what a holiday !!!
or not booo
oh no, more babysitting! i love how she springs this on me in the morning so i cant object to it
anyone has a spare phone with 3.5g?
im ok i guess had a hard day
i just got dumped
im lonely keep me company! 22 female, pittsburgh pennsylvania
wish i had a car its record store day and marley fest!
couldnt get twitter to work last night
i did!! it looks good! im gonna twitpic it when its not so red.... im definitely sore today....
i have failed you, martha.
shredding my blogs still just in alpha hosted on hostgator gt
maybe andrew bird quotbelievesquot in public education as much as his hero barack obama does. tcot
got a binary clock on my itouch, but now i cant see my aperature science battery
why would you say that? lol, now im staring at the cup i waited literally about 20 minutes to get.
you guys should do your acostic performance at 5! i have a championship meet tomorrow that wont end til then. cami
my internet is somewhat working! i want seb
says everything still hurts.
you did? o lol what did you say? speakings my worst area, i broke down in tears for my spanish as oral
want my licence back
all work and no play does not a happy linda make cant wait for the holidays!
feeling just a wee bit bummed that i dont live in l.a.
woke up early this morning to quotnot all the way betterquot baby and a quoti think im sick aaronquot wife. when these powers are combined! not good
hey michala! and yes, i have to work too.
yeah it twas. i wish that show was still on, i miss watching it
taking a shower and getting ready for the orange and blue game! my last one in college
though i forgot my celery
my grandma is coming over today, yah! my mum is hassiling me about cleaning
is down to just jelly beans in my easter basket
im bored and my fingers hurt from playing the guitar all day
back in the vault, arrived 30mins early as forgot it was sunday and there was no traffic. have to wait till 1030 for starbucks to open.
is very, very tired. guys, i need sleep.
looking forward to the dentists
d gizzle gave a white rose to only time will tell
yankees arent doing so well this year. how sad
i am sad about innocent selling out too!
cant sleep on this stupid bus
heeey!!
just invoked quicksilver. now i am over bumptop beta only beings windows for now. poor windows and no quicksilver
its such a sad situation. though 1in3 of us will be beaten. in us every 15 seconds amp 3 killed a day. its sadly commonplace
i feel ya well all the best with ur personal life and youll be missed on twitter
tons no hay troll? ahhhh
being ill makes me feel lonely and sad
i miss you twitter. my phone broke, now im using a stupid nokia phone. ughhh, i miss my advance phone.
is very jealous of birmingham
why did i bite my fingernail so short? now it hurts!
i somehow thought working out with my sinus infection would make it feel better, get stuff moving. i was wrong. i feel worse.
by the time i would comment the post would be like a day or two old. it would never get read by anyone but me
jealous of all the ia festivities im missing out on this wk drake relays and veishea!
think i saw some magic on sunday against salford i saw hull fc come out onto the pitch but after that they vanished!
really? giving up on faraday?!
yes, and im so mad at bee
hahaa!! i just realized quotimpunequot definitely isnt the word i wanted... dang. im so unclever.
no reply from . pout shes prob out and about and forgot the phone, but still.
work. on day 6. whts goin on with everyone?
am not so much looking forward to being here at school til 730pm tonight
i tried, but was too late
is sitting around on a saturday night bc she couldnt go to taken cadence
well ive actually only been to thorpe park so im sooo looking forward to alton towers!
is still wondering how he managed to lose at golf to dan last night throwing away a 7 shot lead after the front 9!
i hate watching trees getting cut down...it depresses me!!
im so damn tired today, actually i need to take a nap when im at home but theres no time
i think my tweetdeck is failing me
gah, poor illazilla and shame about the mutt but best of luck this time around!
you suck.
finally home from work
first semiserious tennis session this morning. worked up a proper sweat... still a bit too windy to play properly though
i havent eaten all day. probably cause i couldnt keep it down.
aw, no second batch of sausage today the pork did not look or smell right, so it went into the trash.
i wish id be there with you guys
they lost. sayang the last point.
playing wow on a saturday night !
you are full of good news today , but i am not shooting the messenger...
s kinda bummed. an agency just told me that i didnt have the look that they were going for. ladies, please help me create the look
oh, with only 45minute presentations, there isnt much time for presentation and questions tltsym09
qotd quotit takes a million efforts to build a relationship yet one fatal error can ruin it all..quot true but sad
5 months since the metro station amp cash cash concert
only 610 applications for gsoc from india and 202 from china!!
art walk was fun, left early due to a killer headache. birthday tomorrow!
my sista just kicked me out of my own bed.. so now i have to sit in a chair while she is laying in my bed
trying to embed live video into robotbrighton.com. failing
headahes and scary nightmares!!! ahhhh dont wanna fall asleep
wtf gas is over 2 dollars now
thats me every morning
on my way out with gonna miss
aww you mean bigbird?
why do those project reports for school need so many words.. am 700 words short
i know your pain, there isnt much you can do to people in the apartment above
my tummy hurts
last night was way to over whelming... i need to get away, and ive just gotten back.. 8.5 more weeks and then the fun begins.
its raining here too......is raining everywhere????!!!!...........im so sorry about the kids on houston, that really sucks...
no time for shanghai f1 grand prix... work work work
sleepy from dinner at the governors mansion! have to study for org 2 test
well so much for time with the hubby...hes been stolen to go off to a car show.
yawns so tired..
i feel very fat too many mugs of tea and cream cakes this evening lol
i think theres a problem with the isp in this area or something...my connection go too slow to do anything online yesterday amp today
true !
i dislike dreams that make you feel sad even after you wake up
no, it was only one day. what is wca? from ceres? i havent seen any of the old ceres crew at any meets
actually my phone was supposed to be on silent but it chose not to be dumb phone
im just a little bit bored down here in warrnambool only so many animal docos you can handle
ripped switcheasy colors
thanks for the links and news update. thats really disturbing.
tired i think petsmart may have liiiied to me
where did spring go??
im not so sure anymore
i get like that when i am around the sweets! i just love them so
hey, blockparty notacon people does anyone have a cd or dvd that they wouldnt mind my using? my webserv breaks my compo entry.
the killer toothache is back test was crappy. kill me
this is lemons son. i really want u 2 reply 2 my mum saying happy bday or something. can u plz do it
sickkkk and im going to be at north star today. boooo.
really really wishes that she had something to eatt.
i guess it wont be tonight 15th and still dropping.
i shouldve gotten off my lazy ass to go see floater last night. ?
eds going for a bike ride and there are roving graham crackers everywhere
whats wrong?
sitting her relaxing and enjoying hearing the rain hit the window..flooding outside, so i cant go to shop
i am the real selena gomez and i am locking my account cuz some kids whr trying to hac it sorry to all u good ppl
i hate being awake! going to school, western civ presentation andn a really awesome lunch.
bummed the spurs lost!
has one of those unhappy pains! i hate this pain!
my allergies r actin up too
well after our sunny weekend we woke to ice and snow this morning
said my goodbyes to ewan!
the heat is over... its now raining on summer days... too bad, i cant attend to my spa treatment...
aaw, arent they great? we have two silly cats and our little pooch, daphne, who is smaller than both cats. the cats are huge
i hate waking up in the morning with a sinus infection. its the worst.
im lonely keep me company! 22 female, minneapolis minnesota
hmmm the twitter i sent from my phone last night didnt get posted
aaaaah im insanely annoyed at the fact that i didnt get to meet you and i wanted it to be my birthday wishhh. ahah a
uhoh daddy is trying to hamper mommys plans to get me a kitteh pal to play with
they end up back as read only ... and still the error persists. i cant add anything to the library now so cant update my ...
ohh how i envy you natalieeee! i need a new wardrobe, and something to wear out the weekend after this!
thinks i might have sciatica if thats how you spell it. got a pain from my lower back thought my butt hammy knees calf and foot
bored, watching the hockey game. bus251 final at 830 tomorrow.
work early tomorrow.... so bummed that i have to be inside all day again! damn you mi weather!! of course its nice when i have to work!
do you know if it will play in melbourne?
it makes me really miss my zia.
get a job
grrr.. my ipods acting weird too! jai ho and thinking of you arent playing the full songs.. ughh.
is myki really horrible?
lovely site yours how did you make your tamplete i cant get this thing
outside wif my laptopworking on a playlist for my outing with mikepollen is makin my throat itchy
just sitting down to watch the gp, but would rather be on hcr hows it going matey?
doesnt want to go to work
thin end of wedge.
oh no! it became undone.
just got to work and am so ravenous have eaten my gipton steak amp branston sarnies. now ill have to buy something for lunch!! doh!
i have no followers
i want to eat a bagel with cream cheese without having to go to the bathroom after
doesnt know what to do, change is needed but i dont know wer feel so strange and am totally undicided
we got rachel getting married and seven pounds. wanted yes man but it wasnt in the red box we went too!
my dad is going to kick me off the computer soon. ugh thats why im not on, sorry.
i feel really sick being in the emergency room looking at 90 year olds shaking is painful and makes me sick to my stomach...
wants to get her nails done
you said youd never forget!
sorry bout that hun!
oh y do i work on a nice day and we rt busier then hell
today is also the last day of nice weather i really missed the sun and i dont want it to leave!!
i know but it doesnt feel any better.
is not really feeling twitter at all
i want it to be sunday right now
omg omg omg omg that just made me so happy! i was supposed to go down for the game tonight..but i didnt it was awesome tho!
sometimes, walking in brooklyn really makes me miss columbus.
mythics... cant queue as a wb any more so it became a big pug fest.. and you know how well that works!
going to grad night on the 24 hope we see u we are from ecuador and love you.. wanted to go to ft lauderdale the 29 sold out
time to go to dons. ugh. i feel like shit though
i watched man vs food for like 4 hours the other day
unfortunately, no. you can ask dee, but im chilling with the twins michael and erica tonight for concert money i apologize.
i learn this after ive eaten dinner!
oh go figure. every time we go out something comes up and we have to cut it short.
got to pause twilight now as nearly at work
i hurt my leg!
homework....
keep losing count ill guess about 176 xx
bc i knew yall were not together man people just dont have a since of humor anymore. oh well
shit. watching house marathon on usa. its that recent one. with meat loaf. you know...that one. actually going to the library soon.
slideshares embed code is annoying me. sorry about the tiny embed fail
liddell lost tonight .. upset but not surprised, he is getting too old to fight.
because when you is in focus people appear for criticize you. im brazilian, sorry for my english via google haha
is seriously wondering what the australian public were thinking by kicking my baby kat off of sytycd! i miss her already...
el londres tomorrow, having withdrawal symptoms from the besties though tuesday shall fix that for now, music eases academic pain.....
i miss vlogcandy i hope things go back to normal soon
well, this day... i would like to go out in the sun instead of sitting here looking at excel...
sadampdepressed right now
im home with a sick monkey again poor kidlet has some weird cough. and pinkeye, just had to ambush her with eye ointment... joy!
utoh, pain, flashing lights behind my eyes ... i know this party and i dont like it one bit ... migraine coming on fast
is up for the day... bummer of a day so far...
was supposed to wake up at 4 so i could write and go to the gym. well... you see the time.
preparing the move of an onlineshop to onrev. there is so much to pay attention to... but after move, many things will be much easier.
you and me both ,bad mood, knackered and generally feel like sht....should have stayed in bed !
looks good tonight, too bad its sober saturday
dude all time low had an acoustic show by the galleria area. and i couldnt go my timing sucks like crap.
lol what anna? schmance? i soo wanna meet up with you in the holidays man haha im missing you so bad
lol! i only like to go to get a cleaning! i hate going if i have a cavity and last time i did!
hugs
stuck in hospital until at least monday.
stilll lampin tho lol wit da homies in da east dis my last day of fun hw 2morrow amp school nd work alllll next week
nooooo only one more day of holiday left ... still so so much work to do...
..and of course... i have access to my halo 3 mythic map pack redownload.. but bad news.. not the legendary map pack... ugh.. 600ms...
haha. little scared of the public stage eh? i love it. i like to travel, just dont get a chance to do it very often.
oh, holly! take no notice of these morons we think youre wonderful and very talented
beware of impending macheist spam i want delicious library 2 ok? sorry
itunes is fucked up
has a nasty chest infection, havent eaten or smoked in 48 hours.... antibiotics had better kick in soon!
its raining outside. looks like snow but its raining
why is everyone else getting tons of subscribers, while i work so hard to get some, and i get like 2 a day
my own husband isnt even following me that is sad
having a break now and certainly not happy lol not my idea of fun at all
omg i so dont like that group pic lol or at least me in that feckin pic .bah
chicken on my sarnies makes me sick. why oh why? ill have to get a heinz big soup later on
off to bed bye bye twittizens from twitterland lol!
shark soup?! mannings joke really sucked. morales is expecting shark soup now. fifthsummit
listen to jonas brothers i love this band but i come from germany and i canï½t see them
still has a horrible headache but cant sleep
laying down friggin mad. didn even do anything this weekend. wanted ta party hardy ampamp drink bacardy.
yeah same here. driver side doesnt come down. and ac out
i feel sick ate too much
we dont know results yet its going well, though! not helping, i know...
dude...thats like the same for me. i think we have xserves as well, but no macs
home with my sick baby girl... even at 12 yrs old you still hate for them to go through it
i want to go back to bed but i cant.
exactly! we could have!!!
its april, it shouldnt be snowing anymore
eurrrghhhh!!!! not a fan of lapsang souching. tastes like smoking
foot is out of commission ouch! running this morning did not help...not smart.
the lsu gold figs at the feed store were crap.
mmmm okayy whatever. you dont tell me whats up with ya anymore
both my teams lost yesterday
just created a twitter acct. couldnt fit my last name in cos of 20 chara limit
taking the rents to the airport...not excited about being up this early.have to go to work at 8.
had a sleepless night and a bad morning! in grand prairie, tx
morning!!!! how things in italy today??? depressing i imagine!!! that is bad news
im so sorry to hear that. its always sad when we lose those close to us, as we loved them.
hanging in crooners. wanna sing. cant. sucks.
good morning!!!!.....rainy day.. no climbing today...
unfortunately i missed out on getting a photo with zq zarina gen amp jess got one though
area nightclub making ï½8 out of the bewilldered uni students who have arrived home. while the poor folk like me have to struggle on
is waiting 4 a chubb engineer to call so he can get out of this freezing unalarmed warehouse amp back 2 the comfort of his warm office
ignored by who? hubby? im sorry
getting ready. missed the sunshine not happy
throat is closing up and i had some string cheese. not a good idea
aww love why you so sad.? dont be all my friends that i been talking to are sad why? im worried for you all
martin and sam arent going to be at soccer six this year
folding washing lots of it
hello there, well right now, i am hanging after a night in gford how you doing?? x
the power booats are out racing again looks like the year of damp f1!!!
has too much overtime at work
why is it so cold? my old lady knees do not like this jazz
im on the world wide web searching for real estate, and there is way too much that im seeing and not enough that im liking
i had peoples. and awesome sandwiches things with emily and charlie. yumminess. no eggs though
its very tough isnt it im virtually picking people up and shaking them to get every penny out! v stressful
on my way to the airport. leaving florida. worst day ever.
is home. hella hw to do tomorrow why do i procrastinate so much!?! is getting over it, and moving on. i hope we can still be friends
ok band name, really bad club name
i am miserablely sick
still feeling bad no fun. but going to eat with the dad and stepmom.
my tummy hurts. i wonder if the hypnosis has anything to do with it? if so, its working, i get it, stop smoking!!!
i miss singing already
cant sleep because my hunny isnt here with me. i know, its mushy. lol
yup. the whole game was amazing technically, it looked great. gutted i sold the game and my original xbox now actually.
im feeling groggy, sore, and a little sick. good morning haha! whats the word, twitter?
why to we, the only school in the world, be in this week.my school is silly anyway... look on the bright side. when im off, u will be in
being ill sucks!
yeaah smth. goltv isnt showing rm til tmrw anyways want to text me the end score tho? lt3 have a good day xoxo
trying to cool down my itchy skin that is reacting to retinolic acid cosmetic stuff.
forgot to add my e
my personal web site was hacked. what should i do?
we owe like 350 dollars to the irs fair tax anyone?
3 days leave then easter, no work for a week, except for the long list of diy jobs to do at home,
just finnished reading chapter 1. it was very good, keeps you on edge and makes u want to read on.however i am too tired to read any more
thats right!
missing my ella enchanted
just gotten out of bed, i hope i start feeling some life in the old girl soon, gonna go and tackle my 16 year olds bedroom in a mo smell
so sad !! theres no more cereal ! hahaha lol !!
i am still on twilight got distracted from tv shows. just wanna know if i should read the 2nd when i am done with the first.
my fault unfortunately two days late ffs
what a shock. im going to miss you
off to the hospital s some jaw breaking is about to happen!
wonders how how how !
stuck on my own at work super stressed. i wish i was somewhere else
i really really miss u bryan!! ...
bloated as fuck. 1l choc milk will do that followed by 2 bagels with spinach and cheese.
so sorry about little oliver.
mines aint either and im still young. but im hanging in there. i mean he wont even talk 2 me
sorry jen we can maybe watch a movie or something tonight if you want
snowing?! honestly?! i heard that it would but... grrrr! i had to dig out my winter jacket and put my sandals away
you and me both. i thought i found a tweetheart, but i guess not. so the search continues..
time for work. im tired...
is wishing hed brought some of the chocolaty treats to work.
now i feel like a right tool, cos im prob the only one who doesnt get the joke lol. am i really that stupid?
just wrote a 2 pg paper n 30 min, studied n now off 2 bed. gotta wake up n 3 hours. oh joy! nite all!
law student study on friday night, as well as saturdays and sundays. i feel for you, love.
oh ryan im soo sorry my internet connection is sucks whose your no 1 btw ?
it appears that jquery plugin for making round borders in navigation doesnt work on all os, in ubuntu round borders arent visible
i am determined to make twitter my daily source of documenting all my crap while my husband is gone to nigeria
i thought you would support me on this
ugh......i took medicine on an empty stomach regretting it..........
going to the doctors again for the anxiety
misses having a roommate that would go get ice cream or go to the store in the middle of the night. kuhn, that means you.
didnt go to class yesterday. i was sick. left the bus near college, and took a cab home.
twas the glyphoto...i wish you couldve came how are you?
so much for blockparty. martian death flu and a breakin in my apartment forcing me to come home early.
argh... i am not feeling that well today, and my new look with the social site been canceled
i am sad... the dutch localization in dl2 is bad... its incomplete and has too many truncations...
back to work so much to do first thing, fight through this mountain of emails
hahahahahah i can easily make ice milo but its just not the same
i slept last night, but then i slept in all day.
the red shore and ent will make this tuesday a little more enjoyable...but thats after class hope i make it...
i wanted to see the next episode of dollhouse... going to have to watch bbc now instead...
gday. at the evil highschool right now
i have to go to the library and get some books on the bloody was i really cant be bothered with these a levels anymore
tried to get up earlier today........didnt work out
home from school, doing nothing. but a lot of homework to do who wants to help me?
yea, i was wearing my oldest most worn out pair. i really need to mow my grass today, but i dont think ill be up to it now
goodnight everyone. well im not feeling much better and im going to the doctor tomorrow.
yea it is so quiet around here cuz everyone has to work im bored to death with nobody to talk to
oh poor kitty i hope heshe is old enough so that theyve had a good life so far. so hard when pets get sick.
have to work today
panera breads internet access is lame it block all the twitter tiny url as porn. talk about over protecting
i bet that smarted a bit1
good night! tomorrow its back to reality vacation is over
oh no its raining there like you said to me yesterday hop on a plane its only 2 hours to here.join me lol
i wore my cuddle shirt... and got no cuddles
why did i get up early. i couldve stayed in bed
no im an hour late
finally going to the social security offices. __ text me! i heard theres always a long line.
clean me!
i really had high hopes for cbj ... maybe home ice i will change their luck.
still sick...still without a pair of brown plaidgreen nike blazers in a mens 6
i wish i didnt have to go to work tomorrow so that i could listen til the end!! asot400
goodnightlt3. sleeping in his shirt..i smell like man now lol. i have to wait like 9 more hours to see him
feeling shitay
everyones gone
going to sleep cant be up until 1am again...and no i didnt finish my statistics homework!
study study study. it seems to be neverending. tests all the time.
on east coast time even though im home. so annoying. must get back to sleep
just realized im talking to no one...
watching on jimmy kimmel then going to bedddd. 8am chatroom for an online class in the morning.
has a cold from playing outside yesterday
gonna buy some books. tmrw is my bday and its snowing today.
goodnight! i hate it that i dont get a warning beep.
sorry i missed responding yesterday rochester is in mn, so we are not to far from each other! dark chocolate rocks!
fixing to go to ranch and then a funeral later today
chores in the am and golf in the afternoon...to beat up to go out and party.
troubleshooting some domain name issues....
so like eventully we saw his boat so we startd shoutin n what not but it they had already been disqualified so we looked like gobshites
to com fome
long day of moving and painting with the fam, they even quottreatedquot me to a huge mcdonnalds dinner people need to learn about health food
s nanna just passed away
why do i fly us airways? i think only 1 in 10 flights are on time
someones coming tomorrow to adopt my cat, cheezit. hes under a year old and my beagles health is declining, so need to give up the cat
doubt anyones even reading these. lol. i have no followers!
wish i could do something to help. sorry you got the overnight shift. yuck. if you get bored, quotdcquot can play go fish! lol
yawn 18h til unshaped. its been 4 days of 64kbps hell
good morning worlds we got snow again!
sunburnt from lying out in the sun all day undeterred from continuing to lie in the sun tomorrow
is watching the extras disk of quotstar wreckquot all the items but none of the menus
damn!!!! sooooo hot in jkt now
congrats to the cast and crew of anything goes on 3 great shows! or 4 if you count the dress rehearsal i miss it already
got it, sadly, only works for uk amp us at the moment
my little boy has the croup again he was coughing all night...
i wish my twitter were prettier. not enough pink.
forgot to watch the best of amy poehler on snl cry me a river?...no, really, do it! cry!
what?? no! i cant call him just like that...
no matter how many times i wash my frikken hands, theyve been frikken butter all day today! hahahahaha showb!z
doesnt want to go back to uni 2moro. thinking things quite a lot over easter
is sad. watching himym seas. 1 so i can be cool like everyone else. but not feeling it and keep forcing myself to watch the next episodes
crashed out after a long week. my poor hubby not happy with how the blazers did against houston. theyll do better next time.
michael has left and i wish he couldve stayed longer im not tired just yet
just came back form fishing, and caught nothing not one bite!
that is the loneliest bench in the world.
its so hot outside. ice cream time! whats the catch? the bees are annoying
loaded up with words to type
no gray gardens club crawl instead... whats club crawl? ha ha
making myself ready for school...dont feel like going, but have two tests
oh man that sucks! im hoping to go to school happy tomorrow or else it wont be good ahhh
i will be down there in 3 weeks... but u will be gone we need to catch up!
sweet! josh is at work though
two down, one to go.... oh the joys of nights
working on the mac... trying to do a clean install of os... not easy when you have been a pc all your life.
diana says i have drunk eyes and drunk fingers ehh.
eeek, i wanna read now but i cant later, ill be on there later cant wait
trying to work up the energy to get out of bed to get ready for work. only slept about 3 hours last night.
must be a better way of syncing my laptop and desktop computers.....so slow doing shared folder
ugh tequila got the best of me, im sorry but we are on for tomorrow, dont let me drink tequila! ride ovr latr!
hahaha sorry about u not feeling good, is the game still going on or is it over, if so who won?? its not playing on tv here
the doctor said i had a chrysanthemum in my pee pee! thats what i get for waking up next to a woman
who gets up at 6am?! my teacher wife and me apparently to work on stateasys alphalabs application! woot!
definitely no vacation for me...
yup, 5 exams and 4 coursework, kmft..plus my pratical nxt mtnh! how woz ur driving lesson? knocked over any pigeons? p
its about prom time again, isnt it? ahhh i miss it. i should go and try dresses on haha.
heading to walmart now..then back to study some more
stupid arranged marriages... ill convert so you can marry me...love you!
come back...come back...lol
quotits my birthday and ill cry if i want toquot because now im 30
still have a lot of work to catch up on!
omg just ate a massive amount of junkfood am gonna stay in tonight and watch the thunderbirds dvd!
this my movie! im at work wasting the day away. supposed to be hanging out with my cousin later. idk if thats happening now
english lectures suck
why luke worral doesnt have twitter?
f1 chinese grand prix a wet race .....
hurting... but hoes always make the break up better. thank yall! lol
when did u get back babe? should have celled me miss u babe lt3
yep. thats what anderson cooper said. bad form mr. cooper
omfg. i hate texas. this is ridiculous.
is hurting after her pump class this morning
im stressed outttt
i was actually signed on to ym and not invisible for a few hours. not one person said hi.
msu fans..if there is one thing an ohio state fan can relate to it is losing an national championship...feel for your loss
where is my phone amp good foods? aaaaaaaaah
is the aa hotel
hoping you love amsterdam! enjoy your sunbathing? lol its cloudy over here in america
my right nipple is sore
is doing her dreaded assignment
ooooh im gonna add you to my link list and read from now on. i really think you should do the poetry month challenge tho sis!
mums yelling at me to go to bed now!!11 i better go... night followers!!!!!! i said night!11
back to school tomorrow.
wishes she was outside hi jordan and jon!!! have a great show!! love u 2
i am going to sleep. tomorrow is my last day of break and it is a very busy one so i need my sleep i say at 230 am haha
dierks bentley is comin to columbus, oh!! i wanna go so bad
soo tired goodnight xoxo
those genius at homebase have made their laminate flooring half a mm thinner than it used to be so it wont line up with the old stuff
when would he have rolled me? my twitter was seriously fucked up last night
whats happened to chuck liddell... im bummed..
cant wait for your album.. yay! but i want it now when will it be out ?
only quotseemquot, funny?
its pussing
cant believe it! im in disbelief of it all in a way really. how much can i take from people and always get hurt by others!!
think its away to piss down!! great!!!
i didnt win! my 5 horses came just outside the top 5!
have a ouchy head which is making me feel sicky
r.i.p. jill ddd an di cant think of anybody else who i hate to miss as much as i hate missing you.
aww i want to join you
nothing much, not well, in bed all day!!!
oh i know. and did some hours yesterday. this is what happens when people in yr company get made redundant
shit, didnt blog on friday. being ill sucks
omniaaaa!!! i said no to the crackberrryyy. time to depart with my flip phone
yeah! i felt so bad for que but i was laughing so hard at rob being dunked in the water hahaha
im lonely keep me company! 22 female, lansing michigan
but joan poor animals get totured i dont like it.
he wrote most of the album, but ironically, the singles he did not write
and im up for the day
anyone else having fail this morning?
its always the same!!
oh dear. that means i wont be driven away to do something more productive
oh kell!! hugs hun!! youll be home soon!!
sad about kutner being killed off my fav show house!
is bummed that she has to work on good friday...
just woke up.. its 1249pm here in the philippines! so hot! im sweating as hell!
im starting to wonder if i have some sort of magnetic field around me that breaks computers...now my office computer is down.
you skipped out?! poor girls!!
can do everything except add a twitter field in the comment..
ow! the blister on my little toe is stinging
i want to go to disneyland.....i wish i didnt work tomorrow!
r u goin to the gym? i prob shld but my legs hurt
yep, but they ere behind plexiglass. what fun was that?? and u would love sally hansen deep plum. gorg almost blk color
is tireddddddd. want to sleep but i have an assignment to finish and an exam tomorrow to study for
i am confused i dont know what screename is??? please answer back because i really want to know!
physics. again. and again
miley cyrus says in makeup and hair why does mother nature hate me? my tummy hurts, im falling asleep, and its rainy!!! im exhausted...
a day of nothing...bliss!! miss my boy tho
63.15 quid for a rear wiper arm for our car. thats not including the wiper blade either...
rebgt nnooo! cringe tv amp embarrassment for us brummies bless
idk y but im feelin kinda sad
another loser just lost the game
lmao. u may have to wait for another season to come thru. its summe boo. hot nd dry ass weather
ill miss you more night love you too, so much
yes spongebob! like how unfair to me
reading 4 imades class..gross!
goodknight all!! i have a feeling that jordan will tweet later, and i will miss it will catch up in the morning. goodknight!
i miss pretty ricky too i love them, they didnt even come here.
hey did u talk to mom.. r they home yet? i hope they r ok.. wish i was coming home 4 easter..
idk whenever i get internet
the battery for the mouse broke. i hate using the laptop touch paddd.
book club tonight! please come, i feel like a loser when no one shows.
i need my phone i hope security finds it!
im lonely keep me company! 22 female, duluth minnesota
needs another copy of visual studio 2008
you could have been me for today. work was absolutely bloody terrible. i was ready to call it quits..
weeeeeee! goin on a road trip! mommy says i have to get off twitter for a while cya on the road! well take our puter.
is a twitter loner!!!
well... this is bullshit and i dont know how to fix it. sorry you guys... virusy
i love my netbook, i really do. it really cant handle a 32k row spreadsheet though
yes sprint has 4g only in baltimore and chicago so far
ive been in the car for 12 hours no fucking joke we went to santa cruz for 30 mins then had to go. hella ghey.
it is nice here too, 50s, but the temps are going to drop today
sick good thing its the weekend
is still feelin sick...worst than yesterday
i would tell you if i could dm you but i cant
wheres my search bar? how come aoife got one and i didnt? twitter must like her better than me
just got a puncture riding home from work, am bowing walking a mile home
i wish it were warmer since i have errands to run today
my clutch is sad...the hills were hard on it
247 fyp work
hope my flowers make it
wont get any rudd money for those in doubt...
set the alarm for 7.30am .. woke up at 11 now got exactly 24 hours until the exam.. hmmm
chi?u nay h?p chu?n b? t? ch?c m?y s? ki?n ? tr??ng ! bao nhiï½u vi?c
went with the kids to go watch 17 again!! it was way better than i thought it would be but alexis threw a fit and didnt get to finish it.
dammit. i cant play from my phone
leave me alone!
thanks, now thats going to be in my head all night. im upset you never gave me my other wishes yet,
what a nasty rainy day out today
i got laid off from one of my shitty jobs back in jan.
okay guys must start getting ready for class. tuesday and thors day learned that in class lol are my long days 100 straight thru 330
nah, i havent received my stimulus yet
damn it, i still cant find a decent sized photo
why is it so cold? i need my paddington bear duffel coat
death cab was sooo goood. my boyfriends not answering his phone. guess im sleeping in my dorm tonight
i need friends for twitter
time to read cold mountain....
i love your service but getting too many false positives to tell people about my public page im afraid
this pep8 project is kicking our butts.
got up, an hou ago, now lerning again. really boring stuff
business nd chemistry
only managed two this morning. bit depressing really.
i made it to 1150 last night and then i talked lol i suck..
i am responsible for extreme tree murder
but im not there
tied at 3 bottom of the 7th 1 out ltlizabethgt
good question. hahha answer is no.
is feeling sick going to beddd
1205pm its too early to be up
ahhhhh kristen! where are you?? i wanna chat toooo!
weather is amazing....i wished wewere working some outdoor gig..but we got weddings today
i feel the worst ive felt in a long time... i am w a group of people except 2 who r only standing next 2 me cuz i got green. wh ...
umm yeah. homework.
poor john this is what happens when you play with fruit and a microwave! seriously though have you seen a doctor?? xxx
awake spanish test to make up this morning.
i havent paid it off. i just cut it up so my husband would quit quotaccidentallyquot using it!!!!!...!!
i miss bbs hair too...
yeah but not when you have to do it alone!! derek is a party pooper....its friday night for gods sake!!
friendfeed beta doesnt appear to like my twitter account
in pool med waiting for
yeah. too bad people like a certain burritoeating man exist.
it makes me sad to realize i havent seen you in a couple weeks
is the cheesecake factory with my spoiled rotten daughter per her persistent request! dads a push over
not to self licking off pudding from a seafood fork, not so enjoyable as slowly licking off of a spoon
youre all ganging up on me.
sorry to hear that. it will be um unsore and shit soon...or stuff.
they then its alright to add me on last.fm
paper is done! goin to workout with anne for a bit. text! feel better jude
aackthe sun! fuuuuuccccckkk its hot!
ah im so lonely i didnt go to formal angie come to my house and watch a movie and eat popcorn with me
has a cold.
is sad ..missing me dad ...have safe journey dad!!! misssss u loads!!!
im playing neopets, watching top model reruns, and tweeting at facebook is down for me . ahhhh spring break lt3
ive just looked on your list and it isnt there
damn i am so late at filling this appraisal form, people have almost sent it .. i was so occupied in work
phillips wtf? lets make the hd conversion and standards even more complex for the laymen.... blah 219 i love super wide thou
another night alone..
up early. on the road now...8 hour drive
why arent you stopping around asia for believers never die tour? you have your believers here too.
working at home
is sad bc its raining and its just taking time away from spending time with my baby, all bc i cant drive in this stupid weather!
i dont know yet. i just know that im already sick of the topic i was gonna do.
is missing his friends from back home..
sexual frustrated in seattle
trying to find the motivation to write some essays and finding it sad that my life revolves around essay writing
damn, wheres ludi?
it sounds like it! ive got a search running for barcamporlando in tweetdeck.
really really shoulda said something i blew it
gasolina just came on...i miss freshman year
is exhausted, and has no idea why.
excited for the future leader class of 2010! but sad that ive only got two months in the program left!
aaaaaaaaaah still cold outside... at least its sunny! for now that is
your mean
yes!! that way i dont get homesick
gets ready for work.
after the 8th track i was requested to put the god awful neyo back on. another soul lost to the hip hop culture.
31 days, 2 seminar papers, 1 spanish exam, 1 play to go. lt3 i only want to play mario kart with ruby. lolz
hey , im good thanks , just had lunch hehe , its noon overhere belgium and its raining
my view of thhe game.
jquery is bringing me down
going to die tomorrow because of lack of ipod.
long day. last night of spring break
going to try to do the plant project... again... i dont want to
fed up. stir crazy. bought lovely new clothes lst wk and havent even got them out of the bag.
i miss them too.. those were the best!
im going to perform with my good friend nicole brilhante on thursday at don hos. please come, no one else will
rode river circuit, asthma hit hard o too wet to mow amazed or amused that wpac cr limit raised, celebrated with coles shop, etc.
i am so sick from stress, gah, and i need sleep and it is all my fault
yay unemployment! i hate my life.
its raining here... supposed to be nice tomorrow though...
what to do
what a tiring day
was just called an asshole by jay brannan... oops
dead serious. wordddd.
its wayy to early to be awake... zzz!!
i know! i went and stood on the balcony but it had already moved a few houses further up
my tv husbands rick and grimmy are doing freshly squeezed this week not me waaahhh! hi guyzzzz
doesnt know what to wear
quottwitter status bad gateway twitter is downquot
wish you were there!
quotits not how you are alike. its how you are diferentquot i just cried in that montage flashback in hp5 makes me cry every time.
ok so i may not be able to see hair today but i am probably going to see sherie rene scots new musical at 2nd stage
lmao i heard i to and shame on you for not bringing the pokeballs oh and sorry i didnt say good bye i didnt know you left
is sick this sucks.
i spoke to heat today he sounded so sexy on the phone but whatever at least one of us will get lucky
i think... i just screwed up horribly bad..
...and now its gone! i cant find it. its probably preparing to attack when i least expect it.
damn it, its so true i need help!
is crying inside. please oh please let it rain so warm.
apparently the band is going on without me. im so bummed. i missed performing.
dusting and ironing on my agenda
turtles are better than my mac lasts longer and moves faster
didnt pass the first part of the cset i missed it by 5 effing points!
nothing is working
in savannah wt the other family
dad picks a restaurant with one vegetarian dish for lunch. garlic bread and a side of fries for me
i cant go to the networking event tonight, im interviewing a girl at 6
its mums birthday, im glad she likes her pressies. im looking forward to party time later this week, but sad im not going to cornwall
in chicago
who will stop this bloodbath the yankees r currently n and its only the 3rd innin
about that... i am gonna be in mexico
there is a pimple on my neck!
i wish i could see your concert.
worked his heart out today, doubling my weight at each station. result stiff and pulled muscles... ouch!
oh i know.. thats why i was so disappointed i couldnt go to vancouver.. maybe later this year or next year
grrr my twit pic never works x
you dont follow me, either and i work for you!
soo much work to do. but all i want to do is sleep.
why is it so cold in the morning in april in houston
heading home
i am wondering why my lovely wife doesnt check or respond to my tweets
not drunk at all gonna try again tonight!
grrr my tv signal is really bad! its not even picking up one single channel
rainy day clean house i guess...
i love it when class gets cancelled! too bad its my 2nd of 3 classes of the day so i still have to stay for my 1st amp last ones
so have to do this jop done by tomorrow....
waaaa my boss is here 2day ltthe4thdeathgt
why do i suck at programming then?
back in jersey!!!!! back in da office....back 2 work.... lol
the shrubbery and trees situation on the west end of our property is a freakin disaster. lot of deadwood, scrap, trash.
is sooooo disappointed quotwhite partyquot is this weekend the weekend my girls are coming to visit!! lame....
just returned from my caribean vacation... it was so nice and hot in dominican republic and so cold and rainy here
i hate snow...why did it have to come back??!! seeing monsters vs. aliens tonight with
my lumiquest softbox iii arrived! but all the batteries in my sb800 are dead
updated my twitter background and picture. updating myspace next. too bad facebook does not let you customize and express your creativity
we need to go shopping together!!
perfect golf day and i have to leave for a wedding in 1 hour.. daaaaamn.. worst of all is im driving so no open bar for me..
why arent you a happy camper?
went to a wedding, went dancing, and now misses her husband like crazy.
hubby has such a tight scedule for us during easter vaca that its stressing me out... 8 visits all over denmark in 6 days
grocery shopping...
thinking the shorts and flip flops may have been a bad idea
wants to got and ride her horse but its too dark
had a very long day.beat. getting ready for saturday to be a same
...i just did laundry! but now its 7am. lame
you are? my pillow...
she amp morena are in orlando. panel was 121 pm. so, if one upping her in your con prank war was the plan, its too late
ooouch
whispers from bed im not either.
prodigy are playing in glasgow tonight amp i cant go gutted! 12 years since i last saw them!
is it true you cant play ds games on the dsi? that would suck
cant eat, drink or breath properly thanks to the bad throat infection
almost, almost, got tickets to see the yeah yeah yeahs in cologne germany.
i so would! but im in sa
sorry but, i havent used windows mobile in years since before twitter when they still called it pocket pc... i have no idea.
is on the verge of somthing great......just not sure what it is .
ohh not even sleepy.....95 awake and a whole lot of nothing to do!
i need someone to help me break my ipod addiction. its not normal to listen to music as much as i do. i can do nothing without it.
reading tkam
im getting pissy lately i know i make mormon jokes at you im sorry. i hear mormon jokes now and i feel bad.
what a good way to start off velociraptor awareness day. a velociraptor in every dream i had. guys, they can slash tires now.
thanks for concern. no physical harm. i was just about to enjoy some malatang when i found my wallet forever gone.
ive never been so sad in my life lets go back and get her!!
koq...sad. doug making fun of karries short hair
have no time to create new post in my blog...
has a swollen ankle but is sorted with twilight amp sunshine
im up way earlier then i want to be
i knoo riteee ughh
so much for being money friendly on my vacation
wtf not kutner! oh im so pissed house. i mean really wtf
yaa the office! ......
i know was a little depressed that we ate so much last night there were no leftovers today
its one thing to hear yourself sing. its another to hear yourself read a passage from a book. my life is now changed forever.
dc tomorrow... i m nt prepared!!
nasa lost raw footage from the apollo 11 mission?
stupid banking. cheques should credit sooner maaaaaan!
is super tired and really wants to go to bed but i have so much hw to do......omg uni drains my life
is this unemployment related?
niceee... we ran out of filter coffee art work , not good , forgot my bread to make toast bad start to the day
off to lunch. then some work. urggh... it is a sunday
i need some hangover remedies. currently feeling a mess
? mï½nh ch?ng mu?n ngh? ??n vi?c ch?ng l?y 83 nï½y
ugh! i wish people would just respect my living space is all! they know this is my designated art room how are you btw?
ten years ago today i was running around in shorts and a tee shirt in nice weather. 2009, its fucking snowing and freezing cold
i know. i lived in it in mexico, applied it constantly, and still burned.
i wonder if i can find a cl app for my phone? i cant view missed connections at work.
i get to wear a skirt again tonight! yay! my wonderful pants are dirty
time 4 some kingdom hearts 2! will have 2 play frm beggining with roxas. no memory card
wow, that didnt take long.
ugh, school i hate coming early and just sitting at my locker.
leaving the city
instead of voluntiring at international karate tournament i have to work. the tournament would be more interesting
awww u dont twove me nomore???
7am is too early to be working on a sunday..
waiting to see bill callahan... alone
tell it you forgot your password amp it will give you a new one. its the only way i can prevent tons of spam
i was supposed to be there, but i got stood up
after the ashton interview i tried to explain tweeting to my wife last night. she said uh huh, that is nice dear.
cold turkeys the only way i know
manu ginobili is out for the rest of the season and the playoffs
broken gas gauge mechanic driving my bus thought i had more gas. and had to push it to the station.
lol thats because yall are but seriously what are you people doing this week. im on mission music super hard!
but i have to work now, so no time to play
lol i was playing around because i want to have a session some time. but no one wants to chat with me
social isolation alters the neuroinflammatory response, causing il6 levels to rise in stroke patients...it hurts to be alone
fhrjekdfnb where are youuuu?
is at work with a stomach ache
god i am so hungry!!! i want real food !!
straightening my hair. have to go to orthodontist.
should really be doing her work. ive been slacking way too much. i hope i do not pay hard for it
no, its not behaving at all. im mad. why am i here? because i cant see you all over there.
eeek! seems im looking for a new job. just been told my office is closing
hey neighbor, neither can i
lost 90 in cash at the mall today. fell out of my pocket. that puts a damper on the weekend.
feel bad going to sleep now. sorry master
i dont like being sick
feels slightly ill. guess i shouldnt have eaten mc ds after all.
ugh... i dont feel good this morning hope that goes away...
not feeling so hot
dont wanna go to work in the morning got soo much other stuff to do! blahh. good night
im lonely keep me company! 22 female, el paso texas
mileycyrus man it sounds like you had a rough night im sorry. hope ya get some sleep soon!
had my first windsurf day this year, weather was perfect except for the wind little bit more next time por favor
oohcan u tell me who wins? im not getting them tonight
trying to find the driver for my interface so it works on my laptop but my brother isnt online to ask him which version of osx i have
last day at mv apple thank god i dont gotta hang out with joesoliman anymore
ugh i feel like death. i just wanna go back to sleep, the only thing making me go to school is dumb precal quiz
im not feeling the love!!
i have such a sore neck from sewing literally all day whinge
in bed... i suddenly feel i wish ma was here wme... goodnight twitterfam
is revising
has a poorly cat at home, i want to be their to hold her fur back and pass her tissues
where are all my followers going please follow !!! pleeeeeease
by note to self dont mix tequila and budweiser. its no bueno
done nothing useful with myself today. watched futurama and got a bit teary, need to do work feeling a bit down, dont know why
my computer is broken, technology hates me
i am doing classics homework while listening to les miz. i just listened to susan boyle, who is amazing!!!!! i have to get up at 6 tomoz
playing game at home! my new boss didnt call me yet...
im at disneyland again ahaha! and im sad the pineapple stand is closed... i have 3 dollars
violently ill on spring weekend
me too tom .. i love it...lol sorry that clare saw no chicks
curses, my yoghurt exploded in my bag on the way to work. now everything smells like toffee
still loading. asot400
quotvideo not supported on iphonequot could you just tweet the whole script, with a description of the action?
i talked about it though, i thought itd ring a bell i wouldnt pay attention to me either lol. you could still follow her though
i dont wanna go to the wake
still a headache at 330
ooooooooooooh my headddd uncle johnny i never should have agreed to work the town election for you when i got that drunk last night....ow
ive got two strikes with tonight... lets try one more time, if that doesnt work....i dont know what ill do
they were amazing!!! im sad i didnt get to give u or number 5who was killin it!!! a huge hug
watching . interesting setfilming updates. i wish i was in cardiff.
dont rain on my parade, asshole!
just checked, pretty sure its a repeat
ugh, not only does twitter make you evil its also full of spam accounts that invade my email box every day now
might have to make the next taco sunday. got a story to finish and tonights not looking too promising
whatï½s happening with cooliris ? the results are limited compare to the past ?
306 letters to be sent out!! better start writing now
how depressing, an empty tic tax box
the crossword is too hard today.
database design .. but worth it better be!
it seems like you get bitched at a lot.. im sorry
might be getting a sore throat again
nothing was sprained, thank god. lol. but i hat to get an vaccination i hate it. lol.
my bezzie is here now...kinda bored tho lol hope the nyt gets better! xd!
yeah, great vid. i had the 12quot single, but sold it a few years ago
just put a bid in for signed panic at the disco poster, unfortunatly the fall out boy one is already over my limit
i cant use the upload managers on any of the upload sites. they all do that to my files
i know guess its time to grow up
note to self make an orthodonist appointment. not like i ever wanted to save anyway.
im lonely keep me company! 22 female, baltimore maryland
the pirate bay lost
game night is now postponed... so sad
needs a new looking good for jesus mirror..mine broke..
in long beach our flight doesnt take off until 450 but im almost home, mexico was amazing but damn im bored im the airport
a couple of sad faces... or or or or probly many more y
why does he have to redeem himself....?? and i dont venture into jordan ao...i dont have time to go everywhere
no more easter eggs left
flights to the whitsundays are sorted. starting to get doms from todays sesh off to bed so i can get up early and go for a run b4 work
its going to be a long year for as fans.
omg im so so sorry guys thats really sad. i hope youre safe now.
holi show was fun.. after party at ten pin was pretty cool too. now ive seriously got a paper to write
stayed home from school, little sick
a sad that i missed this
ok, car is fixed. needed new battery and the connections cleaned. was kind of panicked for awhile there. missed uhnets bday tho
oh and btw, qt firefox plz
my poor innocent tulips didnt stand a chance against east tns screwed up weather.
aawww how come i didnt get a ticket? i wanted to be on the list...
agreed, i saw the failwhale allllll day today.
on the train.. day 2.. 2 more to go.. no coffee today
cant seem to get vmware workstation6 to use nat my opensuse vm cant get a net connection
im at work. also just realized i am going to fall about 100 short of depleting my workstudy funds. noooooo i refuse to work extra days
it does that sometimes
that was supposed to be , i dont know who is, and i cant fix it on my phone.
going to sleep now. johnny just died on the oc.
my poor mother country of italy.
im so tired
thunder bolts amp lightening around here! 5 inches of heavy rain late in the afternoon made it a no go for a road ride....
im going to lose followers by doing this but i have no one to tweet to! lol
damit! that was my idea for todays comic!!!! just wrote it down. will give credit then.
my bike is in the shop for the next week and a half
so tired. no money for lunch
i want to!!!!!
nite all. its been quite an epic event for me, setting this all up on my own and the remote dial in to my office didnt go as planned.
i cant cos the download link has expired
this rick ross album makes me wish i had a car
only my hair stylist toni wasnt there! and i was rele mad! cuz i got some shitty girl who always messes up the taper!
i cant get kristen srewart to add me lol she prob thinks im a stalker lol
i dont have enough money! i only have enough cash to buy an album from a band you helped make famous aiden...
screw life! im hot btw
i look like i have pink eye in my left eye after getting shampoo in it!
is feeling terribly sick right now!
feeling really sick today how about you?
home alone in glastonbury. very sad.
i never have good luck on answered
bored on a friday night
sittin at the hookah house, very very bored out of my mind. i miss my hunnie!!
psych exam tonight
wonderful sunny day have to learn today al day long
i think maybe....considering i have no idea who you are
critique with skees sucks. ive had about two hours of sleep and i feel like death
talking to my best friend, he has left the town a year ago and now i miss him a lot
prob not first to say this, but i really really hope this coke deal isnt the end of the innocence!
why waste such a great username? give it to meh plz?
im so sorry, im out of town.
there doesnt seem to be many gurus coming
left head phone has died this morning. 1 head phone to keep me company on my journey
awww so sad!!! im so sorry!!
im lonely keep me company! 22 female, buffalo new york
yeah, that does bother me a lot as well. im all for multiculturalism as long as someone isnt being hurt or oppressed.
back at work, have to go to zeist in a minute. but want to stay here to do some work
yes i do... too much theory getting in, not much solutions coming out...
going to attempt a walk to see if that eases things
having some technical issues travel pages updated and uploaded but the site wont show for some reason break time i think...brb
im revising amp munching easter eggs.. could you play umm, mystery jets 2 doors down or kasabian club foot pleease xxx
went to the dentist today... totally as a last resort... totally broke now too!! god damn the dental industry needs competition policies
are you going to melissas bridal shower on the 26th? i dont think i cam make it
cant remember the website for programming my harmony remote
not really.
made a bracelet and took pics. why no blog? school comes first
back to work. i get to spend the next 8 hours alone in the dispatch room
work again
thanks. can you also understand the lameness of allergies!
baston... that sucks dude. sending happy thoughts your way
i wish you wouldve stayed in boone this weekend
sorry to hear about your dnf run tonight. always a risk to get bad coords on an ftf!!
ahh ive always wanted to see rent love the soundtrack!!
its only a matter of time 4 my gpa n i gotta do this all over again
what meeting is this!? n one told me about this!!!
is playing basketball today? lol. i wanna go to the pub
watching eastenders revealed while eating chicken noodle soup. going to get upset all over again re danielle amp ronnie.
must not be a filipino dish
pet society aint working
im moving more of my stuff to my parents house tomorrow... and telling them that im giving izzie up. sad day
give em a present from me, i have had to replant three seedlings
long distance relationships blo
is sunburnt from track
im in season five...around episode 6 or 7...and im starting to like will bailey. but i feel like im cheating on sam seaborn
well that was a waste of time
so there is no way to get back to my house. i live where it floods extremely bad. there are police blocking one way and too much h2o
why is it i feel unwell at the weekend when the sun is shining?
its such a nice day! wants to lay out but school projects can binding me inside then work... lame. can i have a career yet?
eyes are heavy need to take rest the doll is breaking down
waaaaa! im having a knee injury cant bend it..
im getting too old for this going out thing!
jacked up morning already. im in the emergency room.
andre riue on neighbours..what has the world come to...internets down lol
oh well i tried
shit... thats horrible! poor kid...
again!
aww nick!! i like your hair longer, why did you cut it off? break. my. heart.
i hate the new facebook look either! so messy and everything is all over the place! i want the old one back!
quotsorry, an unexpected condition has occurred which is preventing google reader from fulfilling the request.quot
we didnt make it in the end massive queues on the m25 then took wrong turn right near wembley itself, gutted! x
dont suppose anyone has a good website to download mp3s on hand? i accidentally deleted most of my music
i might have to stop following that particular celeb its ruining my liking of him
sorry whats ur network thingy?
haha nice barbie backgroud! he still hasnt replied lol
what a pity youtube is currently blocked in china. i cant see the vids.
in bed. finally! long day tomorrow
fourth shamu in a raw to be away from maison
playing guitar hero ps2.. im such a noob.
i feel like that every night
we just saw a raccoon in central park...everyone says it must be rabid
time to get dressed, i suppose...gah another workday
cousin not coming because of her senior project which isnt due for another fing 2 weeks amp its just an art project..ridiculous!!!
im sorry... go hold that little fable and inhale. feel better, sweet rebecca...
, im lame! i forgot to tell ya about her appt! it went well, hes growing so fast! got her 2nd hep shot but all is well!
i was making a comparison i originally thought of these bbchick things that fobs guitar techs ate. amp youre right it rly does
uncrash my car
yes, seems to have been much worse than normal over past few months
i feel the same about the asuo elections. i spent 12 hours a day with these people and now its done.
i went 2 the nhm in december, took my boyf whod never been! didnt get 2 c the dinos tho.
i guess i wont send you my album then.
my stomach is feeling satisfied now......been starving for 2 hours.
just got home.... its raining, cant go out i want some hot coco and cinnamon rolls now!
i just broke the present i was going to give my daughter for her bday
woah, hell in chapel thrill is closed. no more sweaty basement dance parties??
sunny days make me happy! packing up my apartment on a sunny day, unfortunately, does not.
we do have the high up homes and condos... no instant dinners though gotta go get some dinner...
no im not. i have no way of getting there lol. are you going? and im sorry you got burnt i can imagine how much it must hurt
haha not even yo. i just didnt know how to do that to you on twitter haha
little josiah. ryan was like that when he was sick recently. you wish you could do something. ?
omg. the process of buying a house is mind numbing.
has realised that this time it might actually be final
watching tv. trying to sleep. not working.
i am sorry to hear about your grandma anything i can do for you?
good luck with that, in sligo its raining really bad after a nice and sunny morning
untwitter the quottrashbinquot solution doesnt work! the tweet is in the indexes and propagated, even if it disappears from my personal list
thats terrible! did they do a midnight move or what?
youve all failed me
but i still like them
going to miss theagee5k hopefully someone archives itleast i caught the test last night, which was fun.
o thats fantastic. i hate timesheets, but they are forcing me to do them now
if izzys on the cat tree, shell stare him down, but if shes on the floor, he chases and she runs.
working rite now, but have a massive headache building, and feeling very sick. .
grounded
cant get hold of my mate, shes either out already, or not in from last night yet. tonight in will be dull as is drunk already
birds, cant you tell its 318am? anyhow, its dark. id appreciate some quiet.
a semi serious blog i typed about my online status at the moment. wheres the old me?
u wont be singin that song lmao smh its soooo embarassing but it is cold and snow on the ground hope yall enjoy the d
is up waaaaay too early for a sunday.
right got a stinking headache but i need to run im not a happy bunny
has just made the perfect cocktail. but doesnt taste strong but i know how much i put in s
oh no i totally missed that got it like 2 hours later
has to go back to work
thats messed up
ive nearly finished my placement htis signals the end of my student life i dont have an excuse to be such a lazy drunken bum
wow, the kids in the neighboring buildingcomplex are being 5 thousand decibels of obnoxious
duno what else youre gonna say, but i wish id been around in the 70s too possibly 60s, actually.
wanna have who you callin money grubbin by the beach girlz
hates how i have allergy from dogs but im a dog person
bummed and i cant sleep fml
dont feel good
i get sad when ppl shave their moustaches i dont know if id cry about it tho
woke up a little late than usual... and i feel tired!!! anyway, time for breakfast
morning tweeties well it is a cool, windy..snow on the ground day..more expected next 2 days. trying to be chipper about it.
my abuelas cooking is so goooood!!! but there isnt any pega left and i ate way too much but what else is new..
i slept so much when i was a little girl! i just started to not sleep as well, when i turned 20
getting excited with ginger garretts newest book, in the shadow of lion. but i dont think i can find it here
im so hungry, but the only place to eat right now is the bakery... there goes the workout
ooh...hungry... before anything creeps out of the kitchen with legs...andor arms...attacks fridge ah, cold chicken how exciting
19! o.o whats wrong with me
these guys who is bill gatess associates makes me feel like i know nothing!!! i dont even know my name now
its kind of cold here today what happened to the nice weather lol
is strangely addicted to great british menu just need to do some woooork
i am soooo bored why does it have to rain
i am blown! ugh...for once i just want to enjoy myself and have fun, but somethin always happens to eff that up
im never guna be able to give up on you, even though i have no chance of getting the old us back..so please dont push me away anymore
u were right about the fake nicki twitter.lol.uhm.i feel really unloved since u dont reply anymore
aghh! no fair for you. but she will use the backdoor to lax anyway and security will protect her more than the passengers
sending my pc off to hp its one and truely crapped up. just formated it, and that didnt do the trick
the great holiday homework sesh has begun now bugger off twitter you distracting menace!
meeting time!!! is it friday yet???
now i got a cold..
tell me about it! hence why i hate stupid stickers.
just found out our free saturday isnt so free anymore. sleeping in till 8am score! haha
no, i did not get it! maybe the mail lost it.
havent heard your new cd yet
how did you conclude that wo any details? anyway, i could barely walk by the end of the night. and yes, prob working too hard.
home from franklin street, i almost jumped over a fire. someone kicked it before i could. jenny lost her shoe.
almost finished with new moon.... if i didnt have to work tomorrow i would totally finish it tonight! geez...
damn... i need to learn
hey katy when are you going to philippines?
guh! sounders!!!!!!!!! cant do it without keller. i bought some blue rams today! yay! new fishes!
haha! hi darling! i have no clue what to do how are you?
exhausted after a long day of babysitting
omg breech again sob
that sounds fun!! hey... read some nanotube news today... it was oddly unsatisfying...
north carolina baby!! aint nothin stopping them but the nba draft
is terrified she accidentally deleted a reference in her management assignment and hopes she doesnt get in trouble when she gets back
no im not we are gunna go this hols though. i really want to see him
i really wish i had more alcohol but i dont, so im gonna have to go with water
at work
saving up is too hard! especially when mathew willaimsons line for hampm starts thursday! xo
started working on the argent tourney with my pally. gah, two characters worth of rep grind a day now. wow
im so sorry i hope you feel better soon!
on our way to the hospital... please keep praying.
i wish i was in tempe right now. xoxo
is sad. no onimusha 2
just got home... can only tweet from the web until may 15th
nothing at all
home. but exney with the phone.
lost my phone
trying to get moby instelled with twitter doesnt work really. not yet
i dont wanna look like a clown!! lol i dont have yellow.
i miss sparky!! boyfriends doggie i didnt get to see him today...
still happy that im a spartan!! now, wishing this terrible sore throat would go away!
i want to see sack and moomoo.
hows the weather in la? only spent a few hours there on a changeover for a plain to kauai. didnt like lax
oh! btw, amp i tried to go to that cuban buffet i told u about,so excited..its closed on mondays sad story!
need to pick up the golf from the vw garage. failed its mot
just finished making brownies. im so hungry, must stay away from the chocolate. very bad...
just watched marley and me...such a sad movie!
is sick to bad its such a nice weather outside. darn it. oh just watched heroes, yay parkmann met his son, soo adorable
me toooooo! i feel like ive been on the verge of an anxiety attack all day.
congrats on your win last night i was at wembley last sunday pm and was gutted you didnt get to dance the bolero
i had another scary dream
oh my poor nephew is all sicky lt3jlp
but... its a mac
my nose is cold
is sad n it makes me sad amp didnt come i was excited about meeting u! cracked on my carpal tunnel
home alone and lonely
my head really feels like its about to implode.
im too poor
no vegemite... no bread im indoors watching movies. very ineventful but trï½s relaxing!!
finally have the vintage logo of greatness over here now...kinda tough to do right now wo a home computer ... oh well, someday
im lonely keep me company! 22 female, austin texas
gotta take roxxie to the vet or we shall see
lol yea
giants first game tonight! but i have a meeting during most of it
at beach. will get about less than 6 hrs and 45 min of sleep. xd i still miss some people amp the despair faction. lt3
lol my team already played and lost in da week x nice to just chill got a busy day 2moro so making da most xx
was playing around putting in random twitter usernames. so many wasted blanks!
has just finished work for the dae and is now typing this the internet kiosk in centralworld. cant wait to go home on wed
still driving home, getting dark, alternator broke in my car, lights getting dim nilly there... shouldnt tweet while driving...
oh. well, why would they do such a thing?
ugh cant sleep. wish i had a good cuddle to make me ass out
i hate being sick i want to be out enjoying my weekend but i know i need to sleep this off.
tried some new mexican recipe for dinner and twas not too shabby! now to get things ready for another 5am start tomorrow
how do i direct message? im stuck
is watching game 2 alone i guess
im with you. terrible injuries and devastation to families. hate them. and yet mr bzb got himself a hog for his 40th.
im starving. im sure dads gonna come with my dinner only after the match is over.
thinks should stop sending him work to do
i guess i wasnt meant to watch ptwittytv live.
bill oriley puts the crazy in my crazy juice that i drink...not his juice...ahh nevermind
sore throat! i have a really bad head cold and i have a hench bruise from my blood test!
ohh i hope so not stopin till i get a reply! lol i wunder if marvs read all the vs lyrics haha i can imagine his nxt blog about it
i hate the v plotarc on true blood that poor chubby vampire guy getting staked was so sad
so is she still not back then?
im doing my homework. its gosh darn hard!!
shes always so mean to me
not calorie wise i wish junk food was calorie free! i ate a thing of sour skittles and a big ass cherry coke!
dragging work hearing tons of sirens going off also check out s krzy rants, omg, wtf !!
i think the spouse is going to kill my beach day
my pc is erasing random files ... that doesnt sound good
dreading going back into work on monday after 10 days off. really wish i had more time to chill, time has gone way to quickly
home again, home again. jiggidy jig.
i think i slept weird...my neck has been hurting all day.
pickle in a toasted sandwich? are you sure? thats like inviting chernobyl into your mouth
awww im sorry ill make you chicken soup!
despite a 14 hr sleep, i am already starting to fade this morning. i think i might have gotten sick on the flight home...
watchin friday the 13th part 3 on fuse wit my mom. i got sunburned 2day its a miracle. 1st nice day out nd i get burned
getting sick time for some hot tea, studying, and then sleeeep
4 new caches in griffith park. dont think ftf will still be there for me on tuesday
virgin again today, im afraid as im pushed for time. having said that, i was delayed 40 mins at brum
tough lose for the blazers tonight...
i always walk by the annex hoping to see you, but instead i get the nguyen family
oh no! thats not fun sent you a message through your website today. thinking of embedding in a site for gig bookings
no sound no video nothing s asot400
i need you i want to youu knooww
i suck!!!! how was last nightï½?! i fell asleep! never woke up, until midnight! im so lame
sorry
in a queue for a ticket at phantasialand. looks busy, school holidays ftl. silver mine and winjas fear are closed too
were going to post some stories manually due to twitterfeed problem. thats why weve been so quiet lately ....
also, i do not like broomballin because my head is too large for the helmets.
krj goddamn m. we miss our favorite thithter
i dont understand... i really dont
i thought it was the clone when i saw it so wasnt too upset but then found out he has definitely left the series
all ive had to eat today was a bag of swedish fish. while delicious i think my body is mad at me for not providing more
oklahoma weather sucks .. my power is going off and on loa shall be posted tomorrow .. sorry
doing some business studies revision
fuck! len weins house caught fire earlier today. the family is safe, but they lost their dog.
edict just been announced. no social networking using the office system ok tweet this then evening chaps
i doubt their going to play jb on radio one today
n you didnt answer my question yet
hermes watch, friend family 20 off ...should or should not
lack of protein for close to a month is reeking havoc on my body. joints ache big time. esp my bum knee. no biking today
its 3am and tyler is up wanting to play
i just got an amazing new pedal.... and i just blew both of my speakers.
im not liking that new itunes pricing at all. i mean, ive seen several songs at 1.29, but not only one at 0.69!
why is it cold again? im not wearing enough layers!
back to the grind on monday...depressing
im up. no sleeping in today
i miss my ex soo much
ughhhhh its snowing spring is such a tease
watching death race....found out sandra cantu is dead
i wonder how do i start freelancing again? i lost all my contacts
me too come here lets have a girls night
im starting to get really fed up with this now. she doesnt like you! just realise that already and come back to me
waiting to go back to my cold, lonely student room ! booo.
going to kyles ceremony for his deployment to iraq. sad day
jeffree! how do you keep your hair one color? my permanent dye fades within the week
sozzzle rach for signing out of msn it went wierd and now it wont let me back on
as much as tpg disgusts me they are butt cheap
red jaguars, blue barracudas, green monkeys, orange iguanas, purple parrots and silver snakes... remember legends of the hiddent temple?
will you be videoing or streaming or podcasting, tweeting or anything else? cant make it unfortunately.
how hard is it to find a picture of a white van in a scenic area very it seems.
i think iï½ll end up going alone but i will see it at some point...
clean me!
alone on a saturday and not being including in anyones plans moments when i wish it were summer with the three amigos.
4.52 am ... im 2 tired 2 think!!!!... peace out!!!!... m... 5564583833755523.... 811...
now thats stuck in my head
ohhh. i love it. ps im sad we didnt get to hang out
i want to go out why must history be so, wordy?
not looking forward to waxing myself
time is running out for snow lovers in california. it is so warm in lake tahoe that there soon will only be dirt left
so bored, ugh song will never be finished at this rate!
couldnt agree more, so upset gibbs and theo the only real positives and even then thats looking hard for that silver lining
i am so jealous of your brawl! im never involved in fights anymore
really? im not.
alright so.... they taste alright, they are sticky..... and they collapsed on me damn altittude. i will have to try again.
great, it just started to rain
is disillusioned in everything she once believed
i dont wanna go to work i wanna go to bed!
i hate cleaning
i wish sunday was over already grrrr almost monday yay!
i always feel like that too have an amazing day though xx
im really sorry that we didnt have enough time to chat in fresno. so much to do so lil time
school again...
fml so much for seniority, bc of technological ineptness, i now have to quotregisterquot for classes again
im grounded because i use twitter too much ! not fair
why must people be so picky. i mean 6 hours work and no dice!? whatï½s up with that!
so soo sick of revision! this sucks
brb, will look for our sis
please reserve a barcamphanoi tshirt for me thanks x
im sorry hun i wish i could help
has a cold
asot400 best weekend ever ... no livestes tomorrow ... no video stream ... most depressing sunday ever!
is running low of teh nip
prelims next week. bricking it.
who wants to come play me a lullabuy? i need one
uh no, i have my own dishes to do
bad day for seattle sports
yeah but blitzwing wouldnt be himself unless they were all in one account
one reason the printer wouldnt work i had accidentally plugged the usb port into a phone outlet now if it only recognized paper..
homework
ohhhh ladyyyyy... i wish i could help!! i send you many many hugs!!!!!!!!!!
im starting to have an headache too.. am school amp im so sleepy got work 2 do this am?
wishes she didnt have om homework to do right now
i always got to stay up by myself
drinking milkbeing on youtubelonely emiliiee?!
its raining
lost my phone in yesterdays rockshow at pesit lost all my contacts my number oh my god
seeing a doctor i hope?
that must have been nice
oh i saw a preview for the movie thats being made from that book! so sad
umm nope..think im an insomniac ..plus i got the flu...illl be sleepin like a phuckin fish outta water any minute now!
hmmm? psycho kitty doesnt even like me, dont think a meerkat would last long
why are there kids shows on pbs right now? its supposed to be nature!
the yankees arent looking too impressive spent all that money for an allstar team, they shouldnt lose a game!!!
stuck in traffic.
i mean whatevr. sorry itshard to spell.
ohh just the standard tsg setup 13 inch macbook.... sure would love a pro though...sure would love one
we would but were in the uk we need a full service here. give us a shout out. we were up til 2 in the mornin..xx
please give me video stream asot400
i have for the first time ever gone to perezhilton.com! he has videos that i can actually watch! god bless china and her censorship laws
sorry for procrastinating while you were gone
jess beat me to the first fish...not cool.
site load rising again. increased my capacity but its going up still
i feel like crap
going to sleep, im tired..
i think im gettin sick.
at northwestern, yeah either that or, it happens all the time when im not around lol.
we should talk about this australia issue..
why is it even the most straight forward of things take 10 times longer than you expect ...just not enough hours in the day
poor baby, i have a bad throat also it sucks!
nothin on the crib...but def didnt get errrythang back
bummer
i know... but dont be jealous! im in bs as boooooo... ill be there next week to play in the freak party p
just finished a morning 4miler...not too shabby although it looks like rain is coming work time...
awww im sorry
britney i need you
best birthday ever. untill the house sold.
my picture looks stupid
thinking in italy. so sorry
a man!! thats not kool!!!
im still putting on weight
i have a blister on my right thumb. stupid work.
, you may have to email this one to me i hope you feel better.
meeting 10 today, then possibly headed home to sleep off this terrible stomach ache
i often feel like im going to have a panic attack when i have to register for classes.
why are there spammers on twitter? its so utterly pathetic
just going to cry myself to sleep after watching marley and me.
omg i love that show. i would be so mad. i feel ur pain im sorry they spoiled it for u
is knackered after working nights
tweet! i wanna troll stroll
i dont think i have that one
i wonder if this is somehow related to my nose being freezing yesterday but i drank orange juice and got 8 hours of sleep... sad
lol, i had such a long day yesterday. now im back on my grind and gotta play catch up
crap. okay, okay so clearly i love canadians. i forgot about amp too. yall make mass enslavement hard
...nose bleed?! i wish i never left bed.
nice and warm up at nd today, but cloudy hope it says niceish tonight!
i had a tough time doing anything here yesterday around 3, 330.
just got a ticket in the mail. boo
brandon doesnt want toooooo
wish i was in florida with everyone, but instead im stuck in rainy kc
dude i really want to start a bra fund. having big boobs sucks i need new bras sooo bad!! this is ridiculous
watching who framed roger rabbit. makes me miss toon town.
beth just brought melody into work. i wish i could baby bjorn her to me all day.
ugh...i was doing so good too.
boring sunday
i woke up to find snow, had to scrape my car and its 30 degrees!!! i miss fl and my disney family so bad
what a sad thought if it isnt! lt3 cc
seriously, what is up with my connection the last few days... cod4 is not fun right now
i dont like cock, brandi took my phone haha.
half an hour to go and im off to meet eefje at the bora bora, a restaurant at the beach but without the sun aargh
i want to go to the con in the morn but doing it would be bad for me moneywise for the rest of the fortnite.
trying to enjoy my last momento of spring break.
is upset that he cant update his facebook by texting it... and might cry as a result school today also. blah!
ahh sorry yall for not being able to twitter from the show my phone so did not work in there at all but brit was amazeing....ahhh
no kids and no husband in the house tonight. its been just my animals and myself. i am very lonely. i dont like an empty house
its snowing?? gosh. i dont like snow in april
bah. im going to the pub. i cant resist it any longer. i hate being home alone.
just got my favourite brie and cranberry ciabatta... forgot to get it toasted though damn
not sure why im awake right now, its too early. oh wait my friends in the other room are early risers, why didnt anyone tell me this?
today is just not my day
just paid an ass load of bills
today is the official cuddling day and im not with the person i wanna cuddle with
this is insanity! i cant handle all this crap at work
great. shes gonna be too drunk to party at my place
am well gutted!! i need2 meet you soon im literally dying, cant face food. ma mums goin nuts at me reaally upset!
im not in moodsituation to write internals but will have to write dmw tomo
started his 12 week training, its going tobbr tough with so many birthdays, currently at work
hey, you remember that time we used to be friends?? ugh. vomit. sick. i need sleep
heey! i wish i was going to the show tomorroww i really wanna meet you tiffany! youre amazingg!
come home! i need a friend.
wish it wasnt so nice outside, i wouldnt feel poo revising then
lauren is being stubborn. she loves you, you love her. i feel so bad for you, though. it made me cry lol!
is still playing with her shiny new camera..cant get the other lense working though x
thx, please dont go anywhere. lol its scary
hmm... said he would call. but he never did. not trusting him again. that was his last chance...
going to bed now, leaving france tomorrow
it is actually hot outside
just ripped my new tank trying to take a tag off...awesome goodnight
cant believe her boyfriend just injured himself in the first game of footy, feel like i was going to cry,
on call, working. night tweeties!
you are enjoying this far far too much!
very hungry but it is after midnight...
anyone want a 99 navigator with a boat stuck in the back of it?
ive got no fucking clue lmao! wher are you i wanted to sit with you comeeeeee here!!!
halftime break. the match has been.. depressing. wtf, fcb? and whats worse is that leverkusen is losing
more that i made but wont get 2 eat
yeah, jordan said you were their but i didnt see u!
crew party is still going on?! wtf! they always have fun when im gone.
nuting good on tv
im such an insomniac this week
raced with linsey and jules this morning . . . who knew the ouhsc had so many hills? geeee . . . they about did me in.
everything we had is no longer there
just installed tweetdeck, and man i can see why people use it! but how do i load all my tweets?
sick as an mfin dog, hate my immune system
signed up for classes bright and early today, turns out i have one on the other campus next semester its the only class that day though!
sweet! that was fun... except it stretched my browser... and i was watching twit!
indeed it is! i forgot they changed the airdate to saturday until seeing your tweet
my sister may have a kidney infection pray 4 her!
same.
so glad i made it through work with an extra hour too and my paycheck. still waiting on the one i lost though
trying to find demis web cast thing bc i missed it
i wish youd come to ohio
if anyone heres on the tha forum, can you please twitter any recent news??? i wont be near a computer ..
doesnt feel good at all.
hot deadline...
i hate to see parents cry when their kids move out. makes me think of how my parents felt the 1st time i moved out.
must have dozed off. still feel really cruddy though thought i might be miraculously better when i woke up. i was wrong. boooo!!
about to hit the hay. dreadful day tomorrow!
i was so excited about going to ocean city... but now im not going no polish ice for me...
wondering if could join you
i think spring was pink slipped
youll have to wait a few more months... the backyard is still snowy.
idk...jus a couple ppl r on on mi page
i hope it all goes well.
never taking prescribed pain meds again. still sick to my stomach, but no where near as bad as last night.
omg what happened??? it is soooo sad you guys have to be subjected to that!!!
mark martin wins!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! not bad for a 50 yr old in a young mans sport! kasey kahne my guy sucked as usual, needs a new team
alas, i have no pimms
you dont have aim? o do you have skype or anything else? i want to go to the gym
going to coffee shop to get lots of work done on my report at least its cloudy
is needing some love
after battling in 3 extra innings, the as lose
being bored, recovering from being ill
i need to try that shit...stacey has now officially made me feel like a cow
i am a terrible daughter
so hungry...should have ate
i wanna make friends at twitter but enybody follow me just 6?? thtss nothing
i totally just lied about going on a trip to get out of hanging out with someone. airport was the only excuse that came to mind.
went to see my doc today. told me that things are worse than expected. need some meds from the drugstore some heavy stuff.
i have the sleep eyes i think i need to go back to sleep lol..laterz twitters
lacross games cancelled today.ï½ curses to you rain!ï½
2 or 3 months before i see their faces again
im on my phone and it wont let me send a message from my phone
ok im off to bed again
is going to bed now! goodnight! xo p.s. still freeeeeezing
im really cold. i dont want to go to sleep yet but theres nothing to do
everyone is out having fun without me and im home recovering from being sick. im lonely and sad
quiet night at home. never did get in a quotwhoop whoopquot ill try to make my life a little more interesting so its worth reading.. xo mr
is going on a bike ride to avila beach and has no where to put her phone. she has to abandon it for a few hours
renata flew home last night...so now i am alone in florida. its just not the same.
just woke up from nap! it made me feel so much better!! wwoot.. stuffy runny nose isnt that bad anymore.. sore throat is worse though
for the first time ever i wanna go to the crawfish boil bc theres a lot ther i wanna see... but ill be out of town
because you can do more things with a toaster oven. its a multitasker. alton. p.s. be okay!
is desperate for some work, getting slightly bored now
sadness
on the coach gonna be fun!
ugh. dont wanna edit anymoreeee so lost.
getting ready for work
were you having sushi????? i miss sushi sooo bad, havent got any in way too long
why wont anyone enjoy pretty films with me
and apparently bad with spell checking on twitpic.
im not on aim rn
i understand nothing from this twitter
but where you live consists of a project from hell.. scary.. probably both days.. dunno, i have to plan by hours not days
5th wheel hahaha damn.
i know it is chilly!........i feel bad i sent brooklyn out in her uniform jumper
is not a happy bunny. socalled friends have gone and ruined my chances on this project!
im going to miss this so much asot400
just trying to figure out what twitter is all about....none of my friends are on here
getting ready for a 2nd day of faithbased and neighborhood partnerships still happy re ok visit although no braums this time
i am getting jip for watching f1 highlights on the web.....
woken up v early by a big pair of brown eyes. unfortunately they dont belong to a puppy... but they do belong to an evil mayan
argh. theres a huge fire next to the jack in the box in our block
can you sign on google? i need your advice on something.
man my internet is slow atm
alright, well, i spent all of yesterday again far away from my computer but today! today i shall come back to twitter and all of you.
whatchiing commercial breakdwon lol and havee homework to do enrtertain meee
misssss me
boo not getting a puppy anymore the mum mauled them it such a shame tbh
me too, its scary not the clutter but the unclean pain keeps me awake lately, but shld start subsiding in a wk or so
i see.
aight then lets do it... dumb arse that i am, i just tried calling your phone!
gknight lovely ladies. im sleepy now
tried to play air hockey with kurt kuenne, but the air was broken.
just saw dragonball evolution. as a major fan of dbdbz, that was a major disappointment. gf unfamiliar with db, found it enjoyable
i dont like orajel i cant feel my tonguee! e thereishope
i cant believe boys like girls actually considered touring in brazil! i wish theyd come
i think the chem and applic tests tomorrow are going to rape me
i wanna go home.
kills you in what way?i cant drink redgives me heartburn
why oh why was the red sox game rained out? i was so looking forward to opening day
sorry, my twitpic account has been suspended
i am very disapointed i cant sign up 4 idol sweepstakes because im canadian it is my fav show i sent for idol gives back
doesnt want to go college want to cuddle my babyyy
how come?
why has my twitpic been quotuploadingquot for like 10 minutes? lol
this situation really makes me rethink my time with ben
devin is feeling down and depressed today. dont like the feeling one bit
yes i miss you here.
hey thomas! been very busy, but busy smiling too! apart from last night when i got the wolves score
33 precious minutes with my one and only then no more til tomorrow
is not at all excited about packing all over again and putting up at someone elses place.
all apple stores closed today maybe inventory day??
i think shes mad cause everybdy got opportunity to get the d except her
hi sherri! love you! my daughter has diabetes, shes almost 4 love what you said about someone needing you today ...
just had a nasty nosebleed and this didnt help me at all made me sad
is off to work. but hes already falling asleep!
quotsimon says whats life like then?ï½ï½ ï½lady gagaï½says shitequot oh right
today is day 1 of my fast amp i feel i may break b4 i go 2 bed i must hold out til the end of the wk! must stayed focused, wish me luck...
but appartment is old... they need to make holes and so need the owner agreement, doesnt look good
gah!!! i have this one project where somehow cucumber tests just refuse to run
i hate sleeping alone
my whip cream is melting
im officially obsessed with fml amp just got the app on my crackberry. but why cant i send twitpics? it always freezes up!
home. mc. bored. missing him. who? him sigh. im bored. tadi exam amp was okay. thursday lagi exam. gaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhh!
my throat hurts which of your remedies solved yours? the las thing i need right now is to be sick and without a voice
it is, apparently the chinese government put pressure on the sa one not to let him in. whole peace conference was canceled
four quizes and an exam not my favorite way to spend a saturday.
wait no, i didnt waste four years...it was more of putting my all into someone who doesnt give a fuck..
made some tamales...i gotta clean up my mess now
lol i put boyz i meant bird flu
and test footage with my girlfriend in hd the dark one is underxposed
on my way 2 class....i hate art history then its my psyc class... then work for the rest of my day...i want to sleep!!
birthday parties arent what they used to be..i mean shes turning 30...where are the clowns
i cant even poop in peace
wanting to be more productive on my saturday off, but its too wet for yard work today.
cleaning have to show my house todaytrying to get it sold
the damn fever is getting to mee! ps watching cruz azul lose to puebla hahha
cant believe they actually let. wish it was somewhere else tho.. but its a start. sis isnt gonna be happy. oh well!
just woken up. its lame that we have school tomorrow. ahh well...
dreading sifting through myspace friends requests. have let it mount up too long depressing saturday night in
nobody calls me... whats the use of a cellphone if no one wants to talk to you?
thi m4 v? , cï½i ??u b? ?iï½n
my throat is a bitch!
awww yeah, youre not going to be on much longer are you
i just want to move out of a hotel
ughhhhh.
kids are still a little sick. im getting it now to. going to do a light school today. get lots of rest!
sleepy after a looong day at work! i cant believe i have to go back to school on tuesday
i dont even want to hear about it.
im sick. i hate being sick its saturday!
yeah, my sis did. we dont have her anymore though. been good! just living life! whats your name? or a sn i might know?
morning tweets! at work...blah! its raining so being inside is okay. one of our box holders passed away. he was about 80 though.
at least you got over 300,000 followers! i only got 77
is walkin home from the football cos he could not before a ticket
oh no!!!! nobody read me maybe because iï½m mexican
the stitches on my radiohead shirt are coming undone. wahhhh
in math klass bored as hell! urghhhhh i hate math!
i just realized that im going to miss quotthe lawrence welk showquot because im not working sports tonight!
sam had to hang up, i am now alone once more
there is... i hope that some day bullying isnt tolerated nor is gun violence isnt common
quotthey found sonny?quot quotno baby.... they found mitchquot tearx3
last day of health class so sad. those pancakes sound good! can i have some?
yeah it was really depressing... stuff like that gets to me
i need something to help me transcribe several hours of interview during summer time
opps,, still unable to dm you at the moment. maybe twitter bugs after the maintenance.
im up too early for a sunday bit hung over, need water !!!
man, this mini fridge is awesome! its damn upsetting to know that it wont be in my bedroom. please dad, please let me have it.
i want new scrubs i need to see something different in the mirror. i need to run!!!!
damn. i have all these beautiful orchids and my good friend to give them to is now gone. no more flowers for esta
wath are you doing? i have nothing to do!
yeah nh pretty much only has soulfest once a year during the summer for christian concerts...
pity ill have to remove it because its irrelevant.
o starbucks! never tehe oooh now i want one
where is my twilight dvd?
no joy in mudville tonight
she sed puerto rican
cant sleep, damn stomach ache
i had the same problem poken error
is really really missing him...
getting ready to work in the gardens, it may raid today
last day of bowling tonite so sad!! its a beautiful day outside i plan to go out once dylan takes a nap! a much needed nap!!!
how can i be so bored when i have so much to do?! eh.....might as well go to bed
omg why wats going on people
yeah
yaaaay, maybe i shouldve gone
flo the dog has had all her hair cut off shes bald!
off to work. almost dead. its going to be a bad bad day i can just tell. think of me whilst youre tucked up in bed sipping tea!
is falling asleep and the extra large can of rockstar wont help me
quotwho is your favorite vintage designer?quot lucy quottopshop.quot i miss cycle 3 of britains ntm.
im sorry for whatever people did to u
ohh...dont like bell peppers
deconstructor is down. fuck yes. no healing loot though
dont wanna go home. its all empty there. maybe i should get a cat but who will care for her when i go to office
i feel like getting wasted right now, but i have nothing to drink wasted drunk plowed
working on wwf banners now. was very upset when i figured out that wwf was some panda stuff and not world wrestling federation
i should go to bed. i have work in the morning and im starting to get concerned that i am talking to myself as my friends dont use this
flight today! i woke up an hour later than i wanted to. boo.
is super worn out! but had an amazing time!! im really sad its over.
aww wish u talked to mee...might get upset now
sadly..i dnt have any of those 2 hang wit...
i cant please anyone and im being torn in all directions. need to make a clone.
i have sooo many finals to study for but in better news the pens are leading
up at ridiculous o clock after drinking far too much and being sick everywhere.. mm fabulous.. lol. i feel ill same again next week! haha
dear gods, i love canadian accents... hi toronto, by the way!
i want 2 talk 2 my love 2night but it looks like im not going 2 get 2
cause no one was talking to me
watching dream girls. this movie reminds me of someone. gah, i miss my loser buddy.
im bored lying in daniels bed im also super cold
oh, honey....i am so sorry that so many things have gone wrong on the way home, but you are making me giggle over here.
apparently, a twat tweet squatter already claimed the name sketchbot.
home! i really wana sleep, but due to wasting my free line in town i have an assignment to finish
it is snowing here but i figured out my term paper topic for psych dreams!
backed the car over 2 bags of recycleables and had to then clean up the mess in the freezing rain and off to a bad start
is messed up
picture, check... cell phone approved, check... now i just have to figure out how to get followers its lonely in here
wish i was there
dammit! i think i picked up a bug from the girlfriend
i do that would have been so much nicer! i was having a good night up till then! i dont know what she had!
i must be feeling a bit better today! my sense of humour is in full on quotstrangequot mode. energy still low, but im trying! wife is now sick
was painting the bench white.. but then it started raining now i have to start all over agaiin
no, you cant its an autorefresh of i think the past 48 hours only.
it does no trophy whoring sad ulti
i miss chicken
bugger, the spray paint just showed up, i spose that means no riding and doing work for me now sad day!
aaaaa see now your gonna make me look like a wuss coz i cant bear it when men cry..
dear slp, i saw the goodness given ic but i am via skrunning errands be patient with me i am sorry
at the school for the disttict track meet. i dont wanna go
ok, now that theyve quotchristenedquot their new ball park... we can beat them now! lol! oh bees.....
my boyfriend says u wont reply to me please prove him wrong lol!! xx
hey amrita! how are you? i dont think ill get to see you today sigh
youre not exactly a short bus ride away either bah. this is useless.
trying to extend reading the watchmen by not reading it at all, i dont want it to end
i would be but im already following u
do u write back on twitter? i miss ya garee... x
up early as usual. i cant help it my body clock is stuck going to a bbq later happy birthday !!
i know they have trouble, but i never heard a thing. i had many recommendations from mrtweet.
im doin nothing
biolife , class, choreographing some recital routines, cleaning..not a fun day, but at least my babe comes home tonightlt33
talked to popo!!!!!!!!!!!!! i miss her!!! shes the only one im sad to miss.
i have to write fishmans bs essay while at a funeral.
why cant i fall asleep? i keep spooking myself out grr
boo im sorry stupid eyes...why are they so important anyway?
i tried to use talkshoe once and stopped because it was crashing i was really disappointed
quitting my piano lesson this month. i was never excellent
i miss u tore whore
i nearly spoiled myself for house, did just a teeny bit, saw a name, but then it went away via link. i wont be terribly surprised now.
what a nice shower! uh oh its getting cloudy out
sin bateria
this sickness is making it impossible for me 2 sleep!! that and how hot i am
yes, it will be. its only monday
i just dropped my macbook
you cant just pull out troops like that, troops protect civilians women and children from militia its a slow process
at work, and a little sick
riddle me this why is it snowing? not flurrying, snowing?
needs advice on how to use this
uhm, had pft 2.4 run today and i failed.
i wish i could go back to bed because its 28 flippin degrees out...
getting ready for a rough one at work
the result is tomorrow! oh nooooo!
i wish i still had some jrock in my library.
oops havnt been on 4 a while... so much school work, hardly any time 4 myself!!
laying in bed and contemplating the meaning of life with a half empty glass that is leaking on the bottom.
today i wear ians hoodie. im tired, my allergies are acting up, and its like musical all over again.
really really unwell, this cold is killing me
thank you! however, i hate to be on the same list that includes 2 convicts.
first unc dominated!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. second the hills is back hallelujah. third econ paper? gaussian copula is def. not that deal
just became 3 shades darker from playing soccer
selling the baby stuff makes me feel a little sad
having trouble sleeping tonight for some reason.
has a cold
the poor spartans
but thats kind of iffy for me too because my internet is up and down because of the weather too
help! i need a new boyfriend... im stuck in a rut
make your internets work please... i finally have a decent connection and havent talked to you in a week also, nice article
damn man i really wanted a damn funnel cake
my ankle hurts now...
is coldd
took niece amp nephew to blockbuster rented quotmarleyampmequot, amp quotslumdog millionairequot niece kiki799 reinjured ankle last night bball game
feels good to have my bandages off..but my scar is going to be very ugly
oops, feel like im breaking a few hearts now
has had a really depressing day and wants help to chear up. xx xx
i miss ashley. for some reason things feel weird between us, and i dont like it.
mm great now the ps3 has died
quotlars and the real girlquot is such a sad and lonely movie. im so flipping emo tonight.
missing my baby already. miss his voice, miss our chats, miss everything about him. talk to me already please...
ok then idk. houston is the luckiest city right now
i am up at 8 in the morning when i could have slept in
e just woke up and now im about to start tonights hw...... please someone save me??! hehe
yeaahh havnt you seen the promo on sony?
i miss my boy! he got outside and some dogs chased him off. cant find him
just got a 205 speeding ticket.
has to study math 4 econ but isnt in the mood
yes! i am beginning to like it here man! and the friends i have made are amazing. seriously. we are all going home soon.
not going to makke it to boling today got no money!
searched twitter for asot400 would ve been nice to have the video feed tho
is in my education class. where did all the warm weather go??
morning, hotties! our mom caused us to miss the pawpawty.
could it be bronchitis or is it just allergies??? ugh, i feel so sick
youre so lucky to actually have a car, aha. well a working one. i crashed mine.
some of the people on the show the cougar are younger than me, am i old? lol,
why cant i ever get to sleep at normal hours anymore sick i needa get better
when did i lose my motivation, my momentum?
that sucks. ive been wanting to check out short cuts to
if pandora, last.fm, etc are any indication, blip.fm will be behind a paywall or usuk only sooner than later
the links have been disabled at quotthe simple manquot site.
last day of lazy
danielle is leaving my place at 1000
ordering jets breadsticks with ranch. sitting home for the night. i wish i could see my baby.
alex gaskarth is so amazing and to shop with him would be great. but nooo we have to go to the movies to go see stupid hannie montannie!
i am gutted that we lost, fabianski ballsed it up so bad
ok so i tried to lay down. but im wide awake. this sucks ass
damn it, my hand and leg still hurt from that stupid accident last saturday.
i dont like lukewarm showers
my dog sam. i miss you
too many updates on twitter... not able to follow everything
well thats me grossed out for the rest of the day shocking pictures.
im tired and i want one of roses kittens. why must you be 1,600 miles away from meeeeeeee
oh my gosh. im still emotionally dying at the fact that kutners gone! arggg. kal ily.
sorry my dog died almost a year ago
what? i would! and me horny too
i needa stop procrastinating. tips anyone??! please, im begging for it.
6.30am wake up 5.30am uk time ouch! off to catch the eurostar back to london
my birthday today. feel so old
man yo boy has one side of his nose stuffed and i been sneezing all day!
rain! please stop so i can play sand vball!
its nasty. no reports of flooding as yet. multiple reports of bad hair and wet pants however.
and i am now a division of one
im not even missed.
at gatwick. watch on bst, body 8 hours behind on pdt
amp just bought batteries for my cam took 10 pics and not the batteries are dead. i really need a new camera! no more pics tonight
i gotta check out that new eminem song everyone is talking about.hes getting some bad reviews by twitterville that i hope isnt true
i cant stand the taste of alcohol, so it has to be fruity,and it only takes half of glass
fucking cant go to gay prom so im gonna chill at home, work on prolenet.org
happy opening day! wish i could be getting ready to go to the giants game instead of work
no his own dog, poor thing
tadi di pim udah sempet lirik2 mesra, tapi baru abis makan definitely putting it in my agenda next time i go to pim!
ouch, i just bit my tongue as i sneezed. blood tastes rough
ive been without a reliable internet connection for over a week now... what do i have to do to get some real service?
just finished work tryin 2 find something 2 do x
i as bowling and the shit ripped
haha, either was fine. i stop my tweets at 10 because i lt3 sleep sometimes so no real time reply
made 32 cupcakes today. cannot eat cupcakes. f u dairy free diet
i feel for you, commuting on packed trains is hideous
it is but im still waiting for my ride itm
hmm.. the work is not easy. wasted two hours for a silly mistake. now one system is too slow
at work, and actually working close with ugam india or the moment. bad news is they are about tolay off 30 people here
rainy day. so bad. trying to make my hair look great _
verdict on the update love the post width increase but cant update because of sidebar. sold ads width is bigger
hates hearing his girl being ill, nothing i can do though
it so tired that im crying for no reason at all. im about to try to get an hour and a half in for tonight. half what i got last night.
i am soooo tired work
i ripped the crotch of my jammies baby jesus is telling me one should not be in jammies at 4pm. whatever bby jsus
i feel ridiculous. and im blaming you. why hjsdkfsdhfjsd
weve decided that home improvements are best left to the professionals
3 lt cute hug facey
i hate this live feed. they need a texas cspan.
piccy coming soon off to watch 90210. god i wanna move to america soo baadd
caps dominating shots 62. rags up 10 caps capstwackle
i hate these early mornings.
damn, i hate getting up early
needs to be here with me in sydney now
had a great night out with the girls but wishes the boy could have been there
watching mow the lawns and feeling useless unable to help out
extremely jealous...
still doing my homework!!!
tball cancelled today.
driving to my parents and chilling with them. well the sun is shining, but i dont feel so well today
i would do anything for it to be ridiculously hot right now
great, pc fixed, cs4 installed, but now the wireless adapter doesnt work! of to buy a new one....
i did. it always snows on or around hubbys bday, the 24th.
a what a shame youre miles and miles away
i really wanna see it! but no one would go with me lmfao.
twitter will never conquer the social networking world if it goes over capacity all the time
i accessed oneindia.mobi from a google phone android. it doesnt support indic languages
theres only a few here. mostly year 11s
shouldve been asleep two hours ago
still so much farther than tomorrow i miss ned and chuck.
is going to priceline city tomorrow, but lost her must haves list
today i realized i am too good at hiding things, even i cant find it
me wantz more vacation
tennis pratice today but i dont have to stay 4 the whole thing yay lol
all ready to go to the premier and just realized how under dressed i am
gotta head out to pick up my sandal from the shoemaker! not sure i want to venture out into the cold though
bellys asploding. had fun wpatti 2nite. new verdict in my life.....quotim not gonna sit around amp wait 4 u anymorequot attachments fading...
alas no is a quotbuy the mp3squot setup.
not working for me either
im so jealous. i missed all of opening day this year
getting really sad that no one wants to talk.
why cant people get it in there head that ive changed my name to castiel windsor? even worse they cant even spell it half the time
i want to start a bandddddddddddd, i wish i could sing in public...
too worried and tired to post tonight
rebelution was a bust now random party in pq
but you knew they were doomed when you said it, go drown your sorrows
justinhard time finding work mehard time being happy
facebook feed shirley gilbert back from wembley and gutted but on the plus side i did see dermot..
dead yu gettin on wen im leavin
fed up of being ill
is having a boring day in iowa
oh no hun hope your okay lady porter cx
i know
having the hardest time getting outta bed. i have a sore throat of doom and ache all over.
oh no! how embarassing in.
for some reason i cant stalk anyone anymore !!!
ill test you if you want but i gotter get off computer
chillin with my 1 year old bff juanita for the day. shes becoming acquainted with the westindian quoteyequot lol. tiredddd as hell
so so early on a sunday morning
broken my wrist snowboarding
i want to know what happens to the other 29 million though...
yo yo happy birthday! wish it was my birthday, instead i got da mono... shitty
whats up?
damm back to school tomorrow
ok so the lights are cool from last night.. what are we watching now? and the last one 1498650... doesnt work
thinks!!!!!! i should have rented wheelman
is getting ready, then school! tooo early
waiting on something...i hate being nervous. i get sick.
i was just asking ...ok
cant get there
i tried my best to deter my family from the shit storm that is nicholas cage, but i failed.
know of any more sites to play games on? ill never get past the second footpath on frogger
watching brandon play games
i want a boyfriend with a british accent
i need to go to the bank tomorrow before i go broke...
i just got unfollowed by 3 people in the last three hours haha i dont really care though i didnt know those people to begin with
i envy you too, neither my phone nor my nabaztag managed to wake me up before 1pm today.
i hate when software update downloads updates without telling me. i never know whats downloading when it is
just been given ma marching orders, gotta go do some work, yay
tweet tweet tweet. i wish ashley was still here. time to get ready
i look a hot mess...my head is bumpin
very good morning for me, i have traffic court 2day
i cant really tell him. hey, what a game from your boys from chitown...i only saw parts of the game but now im rooting
i actually dont know ill call around and let you know in a sec.
i miss the show
its the weekend!! this will be my last late night, as im back to work on monday
hungry!
there were a couple of misspelt cocktup tweets too... my deepest apologies for initiating it.
but isnt there right now just tell him be nice and follow back
at home... not feeling so well
feeling craptastic today and its so pretty outside.
so youre really going. no cali tickets
unlike my sister...i still dont have one
oh no hope youre not getting sick too!
youre not a buckhead!
i know
still has tooth ache
going to work til 4 then studying for finals...blah
its funny what small things like hearing from you daily has become a staple, youre a serious pick me seriously missed hugs
shfeek u tweet more in arabic
i feel like i need a hug.
just saw a little lab puppy in a commercial, and now i want nicholas crimson christmas howell back!
headache... pleeeease go away
so sad i tried on like a million things at nordstrom and nothing worked!
shame
ermmm not really. its hearing the dreaded alarm clock
is feeling extremely sick. have a banging headache and i fear i am going to see my lunch again. want my bed.
lucky! you never cook that for me anymore. i sad
im freezing
was headed to bed when i realized i have tafe and my designs will defult to helvetica when i arriive with out all my fonts
i think i have tonsillitis
failed indeed
at work soooooo tired
i want to quit my life michisan
another alt.net podcast about alt.net sigh
you were amazing rach! thank you for the music! i waited outside but you never showed up! theres always the next album!
i know ouch
boxee now has pandora. useless to me here in oz. boo hoo
missing my boo bee
off to kl tomorrow not looking forward to the 5am start
i havent talked to you in like 2 days! i might expire.
today i wish to get out of australia. tomorrow i will have the same wish
you are amazinggggg.... i wish i could come see you guys live
nooo!!!!!i hate when this happens!my mom wasnt able to get the paper sighed and now i cant go skate with my friends in nh. boho
i missed it glad it was boring and i didnt miss anything good
meany, you got me all excited for 90210 and its not out today what cha doing?
yikes! stay in bed and forget the weather. hope you get to feeling better. poor you!
has her head full of a guy who knows nothing about what shes going through
general cleaning, very dull
congrats!! i totally forgot to submit photos
i am working yet again! woo whoo!! its way too pretty to be cooped up inside
i hate working when i dont feel pretty.
facepalm sorry. might go delete that last tweet...
danny wasnt there just angela, craig and robert!! was a great day though
wishing i was working outside instead of being stuck at inside. unfortunately, no internet connection outside.
more call grandparents time.
sadly i think so. were on a vicious cycle, i think.
flat out today didnt get everythin done amp endured massive headache, fever and nausea. still have to finish my essay amp work tomory all day
aww i feel u u just woke up for school hopefully ill meet u today hah lt3
judy in disguise reminds me of my old job
stuck it out for relay for life as long as i could, sad to be missing out thoug
today is crap. drawing all day, i dont want to, the one i done the other day was horrific. it gets worse every day. boring. 17 again
hmmm didnt want to wake up this morning lots to do today though, im sure itll be worth it.....
on the darker note, i dropped my oakley radars... its got little scratches on the bottom of the lens... lt3 yeah, heart broken...
never got it
30stm gt 12,026 followers ltlt a peine 26 de plus
i wanna go to the beach, but the rain starts shit!
my baby boo, love of my life, best friend evar is finally tweeting. or twatting.
i knows
someone showed it to me d i think its awesome. so sad but its a great documentation. everyone should watch it. lt33
got a cold hate this dutch weather!!!
oh hi guys, just woke up again, i hate being sick cause all i do is sleep!
bout to take it in. i had a ball with the family at dinner but the bar wasnt that much fun theres always next wknd
the tile is out but we have just barely started to paint.
omg 3oh!3 was on radio?! damn i miss it nooo what channel was it? ommggg nooo
right i dont think ill be back til five or six
i know the feeling.
no he stayed home tonight i belive.. i am out w my sis
they dont exist however, anodising services do exist, so i could get it done
i am not a fan of sleeping alone baby boo
is pissed off big time because my pc has a trojan and wont start up. no pc, no photos, no flickr . . . .
last trig test til finals
lost my phone some where.maybe in the grass, its just so long, hope it doesnt rain
no miley, no selena. only that girl 4m american teenager. the friend not even the preggo one. but amoeba was ill
in class. im early. bummed ryan seacrest never talked about the hills while i was on my way to school
unfortunately, i didnt dream about shoes
poor roxana saberi i hope shes well. shes one of my favorite foreign correspondants. i hope theyll set her free
going to play literati even though i should probably be tackling even more revision
i want one too but cant eat till noon
exhausted tired
talking to aaron and watching another cinderella story, too bad i missed my favorite part in the beginning its all g, playbackklt3
i wish. any closer with saving for yours?
computer restarted
waiting for something that i know will never come.
nah, im going 2 use my work resources next week 4 all of us amp if that fails then it will be payola
cant wait to spend the day with davina today! shes been in melbourne all week and im missing her!!!
lost two followers within the last few hours. how sad what did i do to turn you off, good twittertarians?
all this waiting is really bugging me i watch a lot of mac mini video on yt and i just cant wait ...... im getting a mac mini soon !!!!!!
is already sleepy! had a good time at montanas for codys 23rd bday, me and the broken ankle had to leave early
i used to like the dentist. i dont like it too much anymore
sorry i dont know why i have a cousin that lives in san diego love it there
anticipating smack from mavs fans
my piercing is bleeding yet again.....
leaving santa cruz i love those people.
all i get is quotdamn youre whitequot. even in winter
i know..they block orkut in dubai!! in oman they have orkut access,but skype is banned! ru from the gulf?
wishes he wasnt ill
a bit under the weather the last coupla days workouts have been low in energy.
heeeby jebus im on twitter but oddly no one else i know is seems a lil pointless
you probably did okay, nehaaa i hope you have rainbowfilled dreams of gdragon. lt3
omg! kelly really responded. diddy never responds to me,
needs some more rest.
er. i wanna watch it naa. cant cause im busyy.
phone dropped in pond on approach. no more twittering on this trip
coyote killed two of my chickens this morning. scared it off just as it was about to get another chicken.
back to school tomorrow
cannot find my sport shoes was ready to go for my first openair running 2009.
the hoyts distribution nz website isnt working for me. great. and it has to be like this when i need it most
i missed it too v.upset katie xx
milked my college connection to shmooze a client for the first time ever this past week ... does that make me a whore??
been to barnard castle and bowes museum. got a mountain of work to do
somethings wrong. i keep getting some error graphic instead of the music player when i go to a musicians myspace page now.
i hurt all over
this is ashley from kicks afternoon show. hes not impressed with the twitter
its easier to feel connected through mutual pain. its closer to the general level of consciousness of most people..
thank you!! i have to now do it all again today
1 hour53 minutes actually from 85th to 33rd ah well its only sat nite... crushed the mtg
cheering up, waking up. coffee kicking in. why is it that i always get hungry and want to go to mcds at 3am on sat, when its swamped
stupid bus was early i missed it. stupid thing then i missed the bus after that. finally got a bus, then missed my second gutz.
finding it incredibly unfair that mom got more tan than i, even though i spent more time in the sun miss him like crazy!
i am wondering how to work this site
says walang rc
i am missing my daughter. she went away yesterday for a week on a course to help her teach gymnastics. the house is too quiet
geez ur no fun are you
i wish frankies weather report was wrong
nope. babys due in 5th may! getting closer but still 1001 things not done
me...im up.
poor you. i just finished work. youll get through the day.
no dog though
im sorry! i am just getting over it rest is the best med for this one!!!!
has hurt her ankle!! and is going to the dr
im working
oh my gosh
why do only two of my friends have twitter! on monday ill try to convince my mates. no more hols then
morning all! its a grey day in holland come on spring, you can do it!!!
good morning everybody! hope you didnt wake up to snow on the ground like we did. arggghhh! my poor tulips i can see them shivering
well, had to bite the bullet and reformat the hard drive and reload xp on the family desktop. virus had it screwed up beyond repair
i hate when i have to get up early.
sorry, just saw the post, signed up even before i finished reading lol....these guys are gold. feel bad for those who paid 600
mum, where r u? your beloved children r hungry and starving at home
my liver officially hates me...tonight was amazing, met some sweet people, laughed my ass off but chipped my freakin tooth work at 7am
the cubs are rated 8th in mlb, 4th in nl.
aww what happened?
yeah i havnt got any cradunlimited to textcall either sucks. will catch up with you today sometime!! xxxxx
i would love too. but im a bit far away where are you staying?
aw i love youuu, and miss you so much i cant be this long without youuu !
im not dead despite rumours to the contrary. new job means very little online time in the office
waiting 4 days difference 2 call...and i have no voice. just great.
ugh! whyy do i still feel like this? mm im gonna eat some breakfast amp stop thinking haha
where are you going to get one from?
wow, being 16 sucks so far, sick. and i cant even listen to my music or sing because my throat and ears are infected. oh joy
still at airport waiting.. been on ground for 20 min..
just got home from working overtime.... 530am..... ya
how freakin cool is that? why doesnt shit like that happen to me?
what a night!! studying all day now then bartending at 11
kinda glad this crappy and weird week will be over soon....gotta deal w all the ncnss work first tho
my car arrived!! ....maybe ill get it on thursday....damn paperwork
poor mel. feeling your pain.
yeah i should but no time to do such thing
can someone please go pu ? she got left at the airport
another productive day! both vehicles cleaned top to bottom! however...looks like it may rain well..atleast the lawn is raked!
shot 900 photos today in kyoto. a few had a black dot on them from dust on the sensor fixed now. sorting them all will be a nightmare.
i need to get more tang at a bodega, my orangestrawberry mix is gone today
right away to start on some school work, snooze xx
no snoosnoo for you
oohh tough..
excited and sad for my last cheer comp. of the season!
isnt very happy with twitter at the moment.. wont let me upload my picture wishing dougie or tom would reply to me..
ugh i hate that...im there
i know dont want to go to school
i wanted to watch that movie tonight, but no one has it to rent boo.
def. hates clowns a little more now... thank you little brother for that lovely video you assrat
just bought a wheel barrow. time to start moving some rocks.
still high from primer fumes... and joe said i have to put on a second coat
not eating out. dialling for macs with a heavy heart.
nneka, this is useless. what is twitters point? like i dont even know if you can message people.. mehh
why do you always eat something that i really want to eat
why do i fiddle???? ive just broken the shift key on my laptop
well done to wolves for getting promoted im very upset that charlton are now confirmed to be playing division 1 next season
but im tiiiired! you cruel girl.
school i need to get in the zone for the game against livermore today.
counting calories sucks! i am not doing well today i love food!
hey gorgeous, what is going on this eve? im at work hella bored. phone battery is dead xxx
attempting to stay awake how sad
i think its awesome that the yankees have been utterly embarrassed in front of that crowd that paid 200 for seats
jasper cheating on me with maria
happy birthday katie!! sorry about your car probs. have a great time at the show tonight!!
business communication iï½in sorunlu bi yerde yemek yemesi gerek
a night a norah jones jazz, honey and lemon, bear porn and beachams flu plus...please dont lemme get too ill
bad news! your computer may be infected with the conflicker worm. it will likely require professional repair.
i wish i could. north ontario here.. still cold as hell
at home. in bed. with a cold. life sucks.
thats just sad.
fyi in case youre looking, a new chicago manual goes for about 50.
im really sick i have to go get a bunch of tests at the doctors today. they think it might be lyme. im really not excited about this...
working all day tomorrow watched almost all of state of play tonight and it was really good. id rec it.
workin but feelin unda da weather! amp nobody cares
im so bored but its sunny for once but i can tell its gonna rain
ive got tonnes over here. going to have to donate some i think! i just cant eat any more!
just got reduced to tears by jeremy kyle!! off to the doctors now i hate the doctors its so scary! arghhhh!
i kno i sukkkk !!.... .. take care of my gurls ...
im hungy!!! n ive a headache... oh god, help me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
my legs look really kool? rofl datz a 1st buhhh byeeee
just got florida spring football game email. sad i never made it to one, and that i cant go this year either
has a huuuge headache! omg i feel like crap!
i wish i discovered george carlin before he died
i am so sorry you have to work on a saturday
why is it when you have a cold you cant sleep cos your all blocked up
discovered an annoying flaw of uiprogressview in cocoa touch. there is no way to animate it with standard core animation methods
oh no owies, when will that happen?
too troublesome to have two twitter accounts.
it was all very emo. i was trying to genius a christophe beck playlist but no go
omg front page! id be so excited, congratulations. sorry about torres hurting his paw tho is that your dog?
working on my songg for aunt nan. kinda hard and crying while i write it
american apparel kids
is going back to work for his second 4 hour shift
someone stole my iphone lastnight! im devastated i cant beleive people are like that man! seriously!
where do you find your motivation? i used to run everyday! now i have to practically force myself to exercise
missing my baby girl
smoked duck po boy jacqueimos jackson sq amazing! and 5..out of boudin tho fqfest
my boyfriend means the world to me but he just doesnt seem to see it ....muchless understand
ahh!! stitches are itching again!!! ....need my meds soon..dont think they work anymore
my lt3 is so heavy! another bout of tears.
our pet kangaroo hasnt been back to our house for several days...and we found a dead one on the side of the road yesterday
bahahah.my poor little sister psha
ughhhhhh giong to a wedding today
here at the house..jus came from the hemotologist.gabbers is good..now focus on kilo..pray for my baby boy
the first serial about my city so stupid...
its snowing! really wish it would stick though
has been cleaning the house off and on all day. it is getting there. long way to go.
hey there! nope. my cuteness is away for awhile
i dont think ive logged in in like a month or more! work too much. my town is probably all run down
javi honestly i cant hear you
sitting at work wishing i could have ran the susan g instead
no we did not win
my coffee was not everything i wanted it to be
what do you mean someone will quotfinallyquot love you? i love you, and have for a long time.
watching carolina bb vs auburn. auburn up early 50. boohoo ...cocks need to get in this game to take the series.
i am soooooooooooooo bored!!! 11th hr on the train in the last 24hrs! why is my school so far away!?! and why do i have no food!?
quotsfmta budget proposal hearing tomorrow, april 7 at 200 pm city hall, room 400. sadly, i cannot attend.quot me neither.
oooooh i love it!! sorry i cant help if you cant find it, i probably wont be able to find it because, well, you know...
no more quothousequot! its my favorite show and the main guy is going to work in the white house. wtf??!! that is the most randomest shit ever.
great to see a tonight. stoked silva won, obvs.. too sick for the bar
my head hurts
same! theyve been to belgium between shows
great. everybodys telling me how awesome paul was last night at coachella amp now my brother is telling me about it. no need to push it!!!
my 1999 expedition might finally have met its demise. done in by another newer, probably jealous, suv.
had his calf lock on him again!
will check it out. just want a couple to read while away. new one at liquid silver. just some good readsread some rubbish lately
sucks that i had to change the settings for comments on my blog. damn spammers.
aaaw sel its okay sje probably understands.
benny, when is afs gonna start touring again!? i miss all of you!!
no philly for me
5 hours sleep in 4 days and still working on my birthday
has been sick and her back is veryyy bad. watching american history x. wanna watch american beauty though. buy it meeee.
ya texting would be cool iw sih iad it too
winifred burkle fictional you may be, but your death still tears me up all these years later
difficulties with gtalk closing the division for the day. later, everyone.
is back in hastings! missin ldn already
well, itll come back around next year. btw, my cat has fallen off the bed not once, not twice, but three times.
i need sims 3. gaah!
wax or epilate? ive been waxing my lower legs diy recently. scrutinise i see ingrowns.
healing from having 3 teeth pulled, lord knows i think i did something wrong....cause im still aching
no...hes still missn...
why are people to cruel and rude
heey! im gooodgoooood. yea i know! me too!
your internet still down?? o
bugger thought it was local proves my suspiscions correct what now? a reinstall yuck, only take 45min but still
hoping these next to weeks go by fast!! he just left amp i already miss him.
watching the roadworks develop outside the office thatll make me late for the next 10 weeks fb
im so sorry hope yours does too god i want you to be okay!!!
kutners gone?? really have to see the new episodes, urgently! but they arent available on dvd yet.
pacing is definitely everything. i need to do better with protecting my weekends though.
i want to sleep but something just keeps me awake
i didnt see you at the merch table
i wish to live in santa monica trust me i will buy you french fries and anything you want!
i still feel toss, though i was better yesterday but actually realised im not when i woke up at 5am feeling sick
cannot find a picture 2 fit the image thing
graphics card dont work some kind of conflict or something
i am bored.... cant wait to get to nashville in 5 days, but is really sad one of my best friends wont be there... dd
i guess counting sheep didnt work hope you get some sleep!
hello everyone! im sorry about yesterday all my updates kept disappearing.
i feel like crap. hung over lol
dissertation and it is hatefull
so having to face the outcome of my last tweet...late nightsearly monrnings being a bad stuwart of my college opportunity!!
me and my mates waited 2 hours for you last night and you just walked past ! dissapointed tinchy...
man in monmouth coffee in c.garden so rude i walked out without coffee. now i have no coffee
quite busy today, attended 2 appointment. well, tomorrow going to be another busy day
no parties this weekend just me and my final paper... sucks
pain, pain, go away..
the electricity situation is at its worst here!
go dye eggs and stop tweeting
i miss youu love ya sooo much
sad that the feet of my macbook just fell off sad that the feet of my macbook just fell off
thanks for having me last night, im sorry i didnt say that last night. i was falling asleep. also sorry if i left a mess
just used my last tsp of coffee
saturday morning and im at school oh well...
tom papa is hilarious. he had his own sitcom at one point but it obv got cancelled
you and everybody else. the hard part is getting someone to pay for the extra effort of not stuffing the gac spbpuk
tonight ill be showing the palm pre on the daily show...wait, no, ill just be a sap in the audience
has a btl at the pops champagne bar in chicago. they had a sep theise driven grower list, i coudnt afford it but fun anyway
wants gtalk on my phone.. haha.
its 30 degrees outside, and its april! x3
when was it on b4? gah. and hey sci fi was low this week on tv. only chuck and heroes and medium. everything else was mia
it must be because i slash their characters sighhh gonna go sleep and dream happy things about kutner
i hope i get better in 12 hours and ! going to disneyland again!!! hahh love you!
not feeling well and back hurts
just found the most gorgeous pair of vintage dior sunglasses... they are ï½125 though
needs to go to the dentist now. what a perfect start for the holidays,hm?
got paid fuck all and wants to kill the lostprophets. peace out world, ill see you in the next life
i miss you
stupid school tomorrow, i hate it. but i guess it shall be good to see my bestfriends again, but ahh homework
history test
wow! nw001002 are now operated with a330! we can get ac power! cool...! but ticket price is hyper crazy expensive
uhuh...zoe... no falling.. not agian... nooooo
what is it about him? i know i shouldnt but i find him strangely attractive.
ohhhh but i will be ever so sad and you know you need to talk to me atleast once aday!
wish i had some x
nobody likes leatherhead.
i hate the fact that im genuinely excited about my last tweet
i miss mrs gordon
loves mtvs made. i wanna be a snowborder
i wish i wasnt spending record store day on a greyhound bus ..aaand im seeing m.ward next weeeekkkk!
the slush is still coming down... i am not looking forward to shoveling it.
loving the weather outside. wish i didnt have to go to work later
cant sleep and its raining
its so nice outside! i wish i was in san diego. gotta love the east coast!
i had another mickey ds!
i am officially alone on my twitter
long day ahead...weening off caffeine
thnx ajeng! i will have to skip that class im totally unprepared!
im not going to make it way way to ill....
i just want to go awayyyy
time to sell my first motorcycle pass this on to friends fb
got her first sunburn of the year.
grr....i was indoors in teh smelly hospital
i wish we had something amazing to do for spring break but with other people on vacation justin couldnt take time off.
not this kind i dont mom put my muzzle on and everything.
is it wrong that im fighting my eyelids at this time of day
cannot figure out what i have eaten today that had upset my stomach.
i wish i had a nice tv to watch it on. mine is so tiny plasma screen plz
ive lost five followers, cause i dont update enough... well not recently
ate bean and cheese dip and tacos for dinner... sleeping next to steve will be stinky
hates the cereal at the end of the box
needing some guidance in my life.. nothing seems to happen like i think it should.. everything i do turns my life to the worse.. help?
is wearing nothing but a sarong as a house dress. have to, weather feels heavy and humid
lol yeah iv been thinking about it. probobly wount do it. dont have the money
im great thanks! ugh! i have school today.
no wonder amp plus did you know that sterling can sing?! ive been stalking youtube for videos of him. i have a thing for singers.
ditto! i was not impressed with last wednesdays online ordering issues!
reading amp crying at eclipse, rosalie always gets me
cant i just say something without people thinking its against somebody else?
there are a bunch of people like that at la cantera i feel bad for the kids
my hair is pissing me off. no one ever knows how to bleach black hair
kids up at the crack of dawn... im still full of cold. bleh starting work... stuckrecord
i have 7 followers, i want 50.
coughing up a lung again ! ive had this on and off since xmas
im so sad about the house episode tonight but bigger amp better things damn that taub lol
wow, hope life isnt all that bad remember hops are just around the corner to help make you happy!
how come whenever i am able to tweet, no one is there? and when i am busy, the most awesome conversations happen? sad face
i can almost see the sky!
i want ranch on my pizza .
shit. i feel sick.
about to go to work
i hate a terrible headache
ummm added a picture! lol sorry dont have much of me.
i hate this stupid hat
its good, ken. sorry, i still dont really get this whole twitter thing and didnt know you responded to me
was going to go for a bike ride, but not while its raining
i know! im a night owl by nature, hahaha am i a time zone behind you? its almost 1 here
feeling really sad todayaarons childhood dog has to be put down wish dogs could live as long as people.
aww, i lost mine at home or in the car. ive been searching for it since three weeks ago, but i still couldnt find it.
holy crap u ok? u sound really sick
a day negotiating wth insurers after spilling beer on my laptop last night. probably to no avail.
lol! okay, ill buy that. and yeah...between ba amp twitter...i am so weak.
currently at work..
im the worst i know but ill be back soon
no plans yet.
lauren doesnt hand hug me anymore
flight was cancelled so far cant get out till tuesday
hey girl!!! im sorry you still dont feel better
is awake and getting ready to start my day
back from the casino a big fat loser!
im lonely keep me company! 22 female, amarillo texas
still in bed and donï½t want to do anything else. university is callung too loud
youtubing miley cyrus cause i havent been watching much tv
aww thats sad
if suicidal, dont get a root canal treatment, it sure will encourage you to finally do it!!! ahhhhhh!!!!! no more candy i promise
mourning over my amaretto sourstained prada with cherry inside
ive just hit the very lowest ive ever felt in the 4 years ive been in glasgow. im all of a sudden so very alone, and so very scared
but, but, but . . i wanna listen to the masters too!
yeah, off aberdeen, on the miller platform, the one the chopper left before it went down thew other day
is thinking that some people over react
thanks! i was so happy to see sf today! yay home! but im still sad to not be at camp hope with my homies anymore
very angry
im lonely keep me company! 22 female, new haven connecticut
busy week! advising appt, dinner with new roomies, 2 tests, and tons of homework
i tried to leave a comment for rx brown skin it wouldnt let me
well you didnt even consult me to see what my plans were. maybe they changed...and they did. so thanks.
about shotts u know, lol. i had to leave raw talent early man, was well wounded. you gonna send me v.i.p tickets? haa.
dsi has a new stylus?
this exists
its time for staff meeting..and now my boss is next to me so i wonï½t be surfing too much today
my little bee!!! i miss youuu
had to change plans for tomorrow so i did a 60 miler today with lots of hills and will see what i can workup for tomorrow
absolutely adoring my son!! hes growing up too fast though
lol you know it!!!! get em into the c of red and they havent got a prayer!! so wish i still lived there
nah not really, feeling it come back on
how do u know if a quy is interested in you ? like we talk everydayy but yet i have this feelinq that he dont like me like that
why does break have to end
.. you on the tyra show, i will have to watch that online, they dont show it in the uk i dont think.
yes, it is. or maybe half of my subscribers left again.
stressing about my recital...ugh, i dont think i can do it!
ughhhh. im getting sicker. but im still going to prom. if only i could convince my parents to let me stay in a hotel with my friends
good morning.... i wish it were nicer outside but thats boston for you
ahhhhh that hoff programme sounded classs!!!! i fuckin missed it hopes theres a repeat innit
please talk to sprint amp ensure a million sero plan folks dont get screwed out of the pre! we did on the instinct, bad idea
i am alone in this world
im nervous too, but nervous that being loaded up on cold meds will make me play in slow motion sickno fun
eh, just ate perrogies.....talked about life with rob.... cant sleep... want to..... bored........... sadface........
dammit, didnt get to hang with roxx last night, but doing so tonight. she leaves tomorrow.
too tired to leave bed.
wants to be followed by the king of twitter
ilearn is down and out, great considering finals are this week...
...related to a spanishspeaking country
ah, watercolors. i missed it too bad.
im freezing.
back from mj and lucas stag amp doe, didnt win a thing
just heard eminems new single. its official. he fell off. just heard eminems new single. its official. he fell off.
im getting close, maybe a couple more days and i will have it, or several more inches, but that will never happen
i know. it sucks. why does that happen to me all the time. i need a different brain.
finally going to sleep and waking up early to study
my twitter is so much more boring without updates every 5 minutes. sigh...
wow.non work related ive been doing the seo for a site i designed and its now ranking 15 on msn, google and ask sadly, not yahoo
is now doubleplusdeceased with chocolate sprinkles.
i woke up to a really bad cough. now i cant stop coughing.
quite possible im afraid, shouldnt happen but can. i had a set replaced under warranty at lt2000 miles last year
i was just mean on the internet. somebody spank me.
got any web link to it? here we only get the hindu and toi.
asot400 no cut out at this great song some please twitter me the last song id, great vocals
is chilling going to get ready for work inabit tho
yes
i want to go see the boat that rock but ive got no one to go with
aww fun fun! i hope you didnt erase them
where are all my friends???
hmph pretty crap day
my paronychia hurts
same imac came out 320 more in indonesia than the states.
exams suck
i wish i was at coachella
you think ? im so shy p i know exactly what to wrote but im doing to much mistake with the words
last qs just announced hes heading out too just me left
another day at work! is it 5 oclock yet? guess not cause im still here. well, gotta go!
youre really hilarious this morning
across domains, but a valid clientaccesspolicy.xml is in place
laundry. lonely. very bruised up from my drunken week. in a gloomy mood.
im gonna need a case of red bull and a bottle of no doz to keep me up 2moro, the t.v. is off and i still cant fall asleep...dagnabid!
just remembered that ive forgotten my best friends birthday
who the fuck told u it was okay to go back home?
is eating sweet tarts. i am thinking about ice cream instead. something positive is keeping me entertained. i chose it over video games.
rain sore leg no mtb racing sunday. bummer, i love flat rock ranch.
so tired in my room chilling out. fun
slusherrr i know. i hope all us sophmores make it.
i am so sleepy
hope you enjoy deliberate acts of kindness. note the weird shelving designation. as a newbie author, i didnt catch it.
still sitting in class eating goldfish and drinking sprite! if only it was lunch time
chi town all day my nigga!!!! livin in wack ass cali!
this is my 2nd day do a google on it, i think we might have a video on our site that explains it
me too thats y i still have weird pic as my default lol
got up early to watch the f1, but with the rain and sc, its more like watching traffic go by on the m25 on a wet monday morning
ohh! omg. lmao. im crying right now, lol! kutnerrrr was the best!
actually is was an 11 game unbeaten streak. i dont think i can keep them up
they usually make me zzzz... but not today
just got chickens, but she is in the hospital. i know she did a lot of research.
feels like crying thats how sick i feel
rebroadcast the clash live show that was recorded at with pierre robert wish ms had good radio stations.
got up at 7 mistakenly, it shouldve been 6.
empty queen e for ballet its great too!
halfway home then to bbq in midcity. have one me!
quaker oat squares are the best cereal. unfortunately, i was all out of them this morning and this makes me sad
i screwed up big time
last nights commomwealth club annual gala was incredible. gloria duffy rocks, social entrepreneurs rock, again with the paddle though
recovering my pc from an epic hard disk crash. according to the program, estimated time remaining is 1012 hours, 7 minutes wowza...
10ï½ for the lunch canteen. welcome in paris! at least it was good...
sitting here wondering why quotedquot still has such a strong hold on me
i ate so many cookies that i think im hallucinating...
haha no doubt i need to reup my sub and reinstall it, i miss it so much my crew was pimp and it was fun, wow is elitist now
whatever my mother is cooking, its making me retch
ugh. still working on project just taking a small break
laughs fabulous. and aww poor niece
i want sushi today but i think ill be to busy to get any
sleeping at a friend today x3 whats going on with u!? donï½t understand ..
i just saw an ice cream truck... but i had no cash.
i just want you to feel good
google profiles... this is weird. shame i cant change it
it was sad more than anything
im gonna cry ...quottinafeyquot is a fake!
is fed up with job rejection letters
i hate when that happens
early enough
why is that when you have time off from work you get sick?
done night shift,hit the gym on way home...wishing it was an odarby wkend....too bad about someone being on call in er all wkend
lookin like an allnighter. i hate it when i do this to myself
mlbtv fox why are you making me watch a 162 game when theres a a rivalry game, split by 1 run, youre broadcasting live elsewhere?
i miss you my crazy sister!! i hope your having fun in iowa!!
what? you dont like staying up here? oh wait, you didnt even stay with me
its obvious
i once had a dog named rocky
im driving the x5, cuz my baby was blocked by 2 other cars
in work sooo bored !
our air conditioning froze and now the attic is leaking into the bedroom.
nothing much, im bored today. i want to go out somewhere but theres nowhere to go. hows sunny l.a.!? p
oooooooo who with? im not neither but thats because i need to study
well ve no option but to do tht...just tht it was my 1st cell n a gift from bro to boot, plus tht damn thing cost 11k back then
my friends forced it back on my tv. someone filmed it in their cousins apt amp the hood bar amp kept callin a jeepcherokee a hummer
i totally get you, why you did it is beyond me, i rediscovered some new bones on my back after sundays escapades
is even more irritated to find that the patch doesnt even get released properly until tmrw.. whats the point of letting you do it now?!
didnt beat the rain to downtown
thanks man. thats what i thought, but ps seems to lose them when the file is reopened.
i forgot
my body is giving in to the being sick urge. must resist. do not want
yes, someone hasnt been reading my posts properly
sorry wish employers had decency to let ppl know either way but keep trying!
q stopped out a 3.86 for a 14 cent loss hmmm both my long and my short stopped out today!
im off too bed. i gotta wake up hella early tomorrow morning.
hate to burst your bubble but tv guides matt roush says its a disaster! i was looking fwd to it also.
is stuck in history
good turnout for the party! im so out of it though, kinda just in my world for some reason i guess i have too much on my mind
3 hours in ohare with a shitty internet connection
its okay
cleaning and packing, we got to move again
still no hot water cold showers suck!!!
getting out of bed? last day in so cal
i find it pathetic, not funny. just like splogs in blogosphere, well have more spammers than good users on twitter soon.
thanks for shattering my dreams...
headache. t minus 30 minutes until sandwich time.
i suggested doing something else but there is like nothing to do
i knooow. but tsk. im so feeling the urge to move out! huhu.
work til 5. quick dinner. class til 9. i haaate tuesdays
im pretty much the quotsaddestquot person in the world right now, just because this is eventually ending asot400
at work while friends are biking around central park on a beautiful day...
having our first quotcompany status meetingquot very exciting plans! not over beer though.
wishes pkid wasnt so sick and in hospital tonight
so stressed out, im breaking out night twitter land.
getting hair done tomorrow.nawt exicted at all.
roobbb!! please come home!!
did you delete your facebook?
tired i need a regular 95
will try to get some rest...sleep...get well...
ugh horrible ending to the sandra kantu story prayers go out.
been rather tempted by a premier projector on ebay... but then thought that a fifth drumkit might be a bit excessive...
i feel u dawgggg. i finished my paper at 642 am
is trying to antibac her work area to keep the coworkers germs away. everyone seems to be sick
whats wrong? why do you need an inhaler? i didnt even know you were sick hope you start feeling better
i cant believe they took it wo a tow sign. not cool. at least its back. chicago 170 to park
gosh, im fucking emo. i wrote on status on facebook 4 her, mum turned off tom amp jerry which me and ruby was enjoying for the hills.
enjoy it hun! im so jealous at the moment
im so confused this sucks!!!!!
mmmm.... dyslexic fingers agian
emergency room ruptured pinky tendon 1216 weeks in a splint.
awww lol! true, true. but its the thought that counts, so thanks!!
yummy taco bell! havent had that in awhile...are you still taking your trip? hope so...even though i wont be there
discovered that it was someone elses lemons stinking up the fridge. i never knew lemons could go mouldy!
4 hours of school this afternoon
i have to take my sidekick back.
wants to hear s song but myspace is messing with me
i treated myself to that latte after the appointment which was horrible. i need to have my wisdom teeth surgically removed
missing the football tonight due to work. not looking forward to later.
i am missing the game. ive missed all the games today and this is the last one today and im about to miss this one.
so much for th paper. i just woke up from my nap
playing after the others thanks to tv scheduling may well allow us to know whats go on, but it makes things look bad on saturday nights
aaaww..it would have given me an excuse to shop
yawn woke up. time for another day of ignoring my quotfriendsquot. goody.
yes i did. thats a sad topic for me! haha... i am not going to the concert... its very far and probably very expensive
back at work .... i am so upset my moms puppy chewed up my twilight book while i was sleeping and i just bought it last night
usually cbc covers the playoffs but something else is on rite now. this sucks! i guess 4 some things it would b nice 2 get cable!
going to sleep without chris
i live for room service when someone else pays but this week out of my budget
omg exams killed me how could i not know the difference between haif a circle and a hemisphere lt3 gt
yay! 2am and not a bit tired.
tossing and turning in the bed for over an hour. reading didnt help..i am terrible at counting sheeps
thats windows for you... i get to deal with about 20 windows servers and 180 windows machines misbehaving every day.. shoot me
ugggh ___ have to go cut the grass then write an english paper i forgot about. so much for platinum today
simon felice is no longer playing with the felice brothers. im not sure how i feel about that.
good party last nite!! shoutout to all the ppl responible for golden explosion.. hoping for round 2. 2nite. stuck at wrk until 630.
i want ortega, not obama! fifthsummit
i go to the show to mcfly in brazil
negative. was planning to go for the morning but couldnt even pull that off triple booked today. phillycodecamp
the eagle has landed. by eagle i mean the sickness bug i knew it would i suppose!
watching blazers get blown out uprise
ive said it before.. jr. couldnt drop the winning turd in a 1man shitting contest!! poor jr.
i want to watch more, but my downloads arent working right now wow i really should stop watching shows and study for ap tests _
glad my pc had stopped randomly crashing it wasnt very conducive to work
oh no!! hope your nephew is okay!!
apparently i am cursed to not have free ringtones.
i woke up thinking of strawberry lips, but i dont remember any of my dreams was probably too drunk!
getting ready to leave cali....i donquott want to go home!!! i wish i could just bring my kids here!!!
musicclt3. confuseeed.
just problems with a friend. future isnt looking too bright with her and i.
missed on the dance floor
im super disappointed in myself i bit off all my pretty nails
did get some time until daughter amp baby moved in as mum goes to bed around 8.00pm. now hardly ever unless very late at night
mraow, i feel like dancing, but first art school wants to rape me some more.
oh babe!! drove past pink sage today,think we saw you but we left a different way so couldnt pop in to say hello
eating ice cream and watching star wars. its still really smokey
i wish i lived in england so i could watch the doctor who easter special on 411! theres only four more david tennant episodes left!
urghhhhhh tired i need a proper lie in
its not working for me
i dont wanna have a root canal
is super, super disappointed!
i feel like i should change my picture but i dont think i could part with my bff audrey hepburn.
damn, sorry i missed it... but ill be in brisbane until thursday night
last night was fun!! but now i have bruises
fuck. lidelle is my favorite
oh no!its raining so hard today that i cant sparkle!
noooo, silly work
biology...i have to stdy it..
tomorrow i fly again for the third time this year! im starting to get nervous again!
i am going to be 30 in a month... ugh
i hate bad weather!
hey, no chance of adding brighton or eastbourne to the ucap tour? gutted im missing out this time round i love you guys!
hey, ladies, i wasnt ignoring you at all. i went to sleep.
just got back from the celtics playoff game. worked the gate giving away free championship towels to all. such fun! celtics lost
im lonely keep me company! 22 female, decatur alabama
you and ru arent even working in the same office anymore and you still get sick?! feel better!!
i have fallen off the working out wagon and i cant seem to get back on
is boreddd of revision
clean me!
in bed listening to ipod, not looking forward to yet another day of french revision tomorrow
innocent not so innocent
monkeys??? i just found out you my twin and you wont even write back. im heartbroken
we missed da show
why didnt you twitter during the gig, tom? im upset
linkedin is being really mongy for me tonight... in fact it has just sat spinning, doing nothing a few times recently
they never play mcfly or jonas brothers on the radio
our trip has been canceled. see the latest blog post for info
lost ma phone... man this is da worst bday weekend ever...i wish someone can brightin up ma day!!!!
bummed because she is bummed but kind of happy lent is over in five days.
packing my computer i wont have it till tomorrow
doesnt know why her body hates her. she is getting sick again and woke up before 7 am on a day when she doesnt even have classes
ugh.... i should learn how to save money.
im lonely i already missed you
lol mee too although its more to do with how skint i am we shall all need to get a wee lunch sometime soon though!
thinking my birthday is going to suck again this year.... so much for my champagne bday!
are you guys still relaxing here or did you head back to hb?
i hadnt realized you were protected... my bad! just thought twitter was busy...
hsm3 premiered here one day before the us premiere. the only time that happened
think im an insomniac, i just cant sleep.. birthday in 5 days... oh yay. _
i find my book in the food books section and not the photo section because it has some recipes im not happy
come back to the states for orlando carnival since i cant make it to miami
i know, i suck maybe ill have better luck next week.
going toc if i can scrap up some food there is no food in my house and i am absolutely starving !!!
we just cant seem to win this weekend...bummer
i hate being sick, too much wasted time and energy! wish me well so i can get back to my busy life, lol
heartbreaking for kalani getting 4 shots right now
my saturday night ended hella early... kyle sad panda
wish i was goin to spain
very concerned to see cyclist had been knocked off bike at bottom of north walls. very much hope they will be ok.
mitea is missing
ugh someone just called me and woke me up
ive never been on a plane. so sorry no. how many times have you been on a plane?
i am mrs. lonely. all my roommates left me this weekend, so i am all alone.
just realized i forgot my lunch at home
.......i know wat its like leavin em but yuh dont wanna leave
sorry ellen i missed you on qvc i should have dvrd it sorry
about to go to a pary i dont wanna go to.
i dont like it when i spell words wrong
i wanted some even tho i am already wearing some boxers amp therefore didnt need them but we searched amp searched and could not find any
i was downtown all day yesterday! i didnt get to the garment district tho
i watched that on tv at the time and was disappointed with the performance of quotsome riotquot compared to the original record
i just got a model job. and they thought i was 18. wtf
my battery life is about two hours if im doing internets or have 2 programs open, itll die even faster!
im going to aya! got a room onsite though so cant hotel share
i havent tweeted much today
sad my 1 cutie brendan got blindsided big time. now i dont know who to root for.
painfully hungry... bring my appetizers plz.
morning all! hubby just woke me up to watch f1 think im getting a cold
assign someone else to do it... or eff it and do it yourself
damn blasted colds
finally back on track in the studio, lost my cubase dongle in miami
work then nephews birthday party too many mamps choclate hedgehogs haha nice..was ment to go to pub with girls but work 2moro
and finito! all bathroom contractors been thru the house. quotes incoming then i need to bite the bullet
seekinfor a new job..
no emobeans.
i dont know about outdoor sports all year. golfing in august is not pleasant stillnotreadyfor100degreeweatherbutluvphx
yes exams in two weeks...
...not yet unfortunately, another few weeks ive been told how are you? ive been a little bit busy with my latest project.
steaks checkside dishes checkpropane whoops
so bored
so glad eddies okay... really sucks about the car, though
almost, but not quite. uncanniness and rampant luddism might put paid to replicants before theyre even built
only one more day in san fran we love it here!
for once, im going to bed before karmen. no quotgoodnight moonquot for me gnight yall.
so ive apparently lost my flash drive, which i really need. any suggestions on where to look?
hungry and all ive got is a bag of crisps looking forward to dinner tonight.
devastated that the spiegeltent wont be coming to edinburgh festival this year
oh i am feeling the same today
gonna go make my sister eat. had bad dreams about her, my nephew, and mom. obviously stressed.
wants twistori screensaver in desktop.
oh no really? what a bummer.
im always hanging with the boys...and feeling left out
hi tried meeting you after tour las year,man said youd gone but u hadnt,i missed u just wondered what you fav song is? x
omg, more than 360 people is the death toll in italy
good morning everybody! pkoi y fais pas beau bon coffee time!
can you fix ur tour dates and add virginia? yeah?
off to the dentist... it is snowing hope the roads are okay
wanting some sunshine so we can lay in the pool
ugh. im slightly sore... need more sleep but no, gotta get to work.
i just want to sleep
well, damn... what a disappointing fight. my ice man lost.
you have more then one
today sucked. im gonna die without chris and callum! wahhh!
oh daddy yankee why are u so whack now? listening to playeros and old reggaeton...at work till 8am ...could be worse
can sense a hull goal
i hope you get better soon just make sure you have alot of fluids
no
ooohh i envy you, right there!!!
just finished watching hannah montana the movie and its so sad it almost made me cry. and travis is so cute!! lmao xd
they are now hahaha. i blush easy what can i say. i was listening to your music then the flicks. roro got red cheeks
dj names are impossible to come by
im sorrrry thats my fault
dude i was w emabarrassed me in from of my fam! and said we done! and theu text
off to slow start, somewhat planned... the boo had us up much of the night cuz she couldnt breathe coldtx allergies
ive never been amp i really want to go now...
in the campus pc lab because i dont have photoshop.
yay no work todayyy but working for the rest of the week lol
the quothopefulquot music video is not ready ... going crazy on how i want to do it ...
last day at work im gonna miss it
feeling really unspeakably bummed out today. have absolutely no idea why, which is bumming me out even more. bah.
hi claudia! i think ur fab on hells kitchen! marco scares the hell out of me ! haaha hope ur good! x
k, since i have to be at work tomorrow, i am gonna have to go to bed as much as i dont want to
on my first cup of coffee. cant wake up.
i know! i am such an asshole...
lucky, i missed it
i should probably go to sleep now. its so windy and loud outside though 5am wake up call tomorrow. if i havent tweeter by 6, worry.
boot camp was an epic failure.
why would emotions suddenly pour out..?? i just remembered something that happened, n im very badly feeling it..!!
no twit pic of you in the prom dress?
im wearing my jonas brothers shirt today... i feel beautiful! had an amazing dream last night... too bad its not real.
im soo bored spring breaks last day tomorroww! ughhh.
is in a proper shitty mood
and now, to work.
stop making me do things! im so tired!
work has me very stressed lately. getting small silly things wrong too, so its very hard to be philosophical about it.
sorry for sending that msg erica. lol wait did they send this on twitter? lol
im tired. i feel like crap. and the world feels all crummy. make me happy, usb disco mouse.
no 3.1 patch today for wow, maybe next week
at work. seems like its gonna be a busy night
awww thank u hun! k well ill call u tmrw lol gosh dude ke pena i dnt want to wake u up..
i dont know how to do a twit pic
new hair but all my pictures look horrible xx
too cold for the beach
jake is spending the night at nicks bc were going out of town tomorrow and all i want to do is cry i miss him......goodnight
darn! cant open it on my work computer. not supposed to have fun at work but thanks anyway!
but im not drunk now! i needed it last night, i was sounding a bit desperate i think
got panda instead of wendys. good call! now, off to the city. i always bring the bad weather with me
i wanna come
reading the island of red earth by elizabeth haran... i dont rlly lk it but ive 2 read it 4 skool by the way schools starting in on ...
no sound
still have the effing pink eye, and i actually think its worse today. math class at 11, but skipping my observation. this makes me sad.
so, instead of running, i just spent buried in the code of my website. epic nerd fail. i suck.
7.10am now, starts at 8am. better than the aussie gp for us, i was up at 5am
i am beat. what can i do with my 2 two year olds tomorrow in denver that wont kick my ass even harder? beers in backyard not an option
so do we. the appropriate authorities have been informed.
they have thankfully. unfortunately after much loss of life
going home now.. cant find info i need. have to find another way to win...
went to hpfz and page came up saying the domain has expired.. im..freaking out right now.
made it to chicago but our group luggae with aaaaalll the costumes didnt the devil is busy but god aint sleep. and we gone kill the show
im superrr tired this morning i want breakfast!
i have been for a week or so and it dont seem to be working to well this year
very jealous! seeing him later this year at men but wont be the same as a little gig
moving day
wondering where this cold weather came from
i dont get it
wow. knew i shouldve gotten here early. they already sold out of omar vinyl. they are gonna see if they can get more.
haha im not a good cook at all it looks pretty foul right now. love having voguettes on twitter yay! nice to meet you x
big hugs, i hope everything goes peacefully
finallly, its about time you followed me... you should have come overrr
sooo sick of the snow ughh
yawns grrrr darn the early starts! i dont like getting up before the sun, its cold
has got combined ear and toothache and wants to rip her face off. stamps foot
why do these meds not help?? im sick of being sick. its painful, stressful, and sucks.
i want watch a movie, but i dont find my dvd!
finally got a second battery for my canon 5d mark ii. why are batteries so hard to get photog
just woke upp cheese on toast. yummmm. i want to wear my spongebob teeshirt but i cant find it
sad to hear about this
i wish i could learn spannidh, were not allowed
oh goodness. old dbz talk. i need to get all the episodes and get all the gt episodes.
omigosh it totally sux that 17 again and hannah movie r coming out in july in belgium ugghh
these songs keep making me even sadder...
my thumbs are hurtin from pushin pins in walls
weather is so warm!! head spinning, feel like puking, need ice cream!!
have to go to my church to get some community service hours for school. i slept in to 930, but im still tired.
u prolly were naked lol ik drunk
is working. lee is making me. boooo. big mean daddy is being harrassed by cute sweet boy. send blue things to distract him.
a are you watching the webcast?? i wish i was there
friend requests are everywhere! inhale exhale
its so cold outside, and its rainy!! plus my nose wont breathe, aapchxi.
man today is going sooooo slowly today
whats good? who worth the follow yall? she worth the follow yall!!! haha i was tryna do ur song, but it ended up boo boo.
ah, my charger is dying. i wont ve able to log on for a few days.
ugh...feel like crap.life sucks so much....
im not finding it interesting.logging in to see only status updates? boring
i know. im just too exhausted for human consumption. i can haz ambien?
is having some sort of mind blank
its snowing im off too school now.i start my intensive gym class today, so im at school until 9!
shit man, they closed your birthday thread
not to bad of a job except for the fungus ...ok
is its suppose to my birthday festivities..but im feeling sad
not in mood hate it,, got a hedache!! but still have a homework to do, huh!
school resumes this monday. gaaah.
the guys were lame lol.. just wasnt fun
my throat really hurts
what a day! was rescuing a sun cluster and time to give wife more attention...
pssshh i wasnt invited with my significant other
this is y i dont fux w the hen dog i still feel pukey
a lot of swearing though
april use to be my fav. month
sad news daddy backed into a pole and put a large dent in the prius
its sunday and still i am trying to find my weekend spirit
layin down...i dont feel well
ive been saying for months that were going down. do you believe me now? nufc
is going to be a long week! funeral and work tomorrow! 143 jac
i thought your hair was like mine.
boo for it disappearing
gooood mooorning world. i had a dream last night i fucked my knee again def need to kick start my strengthening ready for bournemouth 7s!
asot400 my video isnt streaming
lmao i dont get this twitter stuff. going to work soon i love you savannah!
woke up to the sound of scraping frost off of a car windshield work, then 4 page play review....oh today is not looking fun
damn spammers are killing that chat room you set up. well we can still watch you suffer i guess !
it stillllll hasnt arrived
baby
lol.. i am going downstairs to eat something... i am starving
last day of holidays should i do my hw?? nahhh.
is hanging out washing
meeee toooooo!!
sucks being older when no one around for the weekend grrrrr!...chillinwatchin the nhl playoffs!
coughcoughcough thats all i seem to do right now
i wish i was still in florida so i could go to your show are you going on tour this summer ?
house feels so empty with 2 out of 3 roommates gone! im sooo lonely. damnit wake up!!
put up on the couch with a hurt ankle while everyone else is frolicing in the park
yess
the one day i really need to go into school and im not well
i just did the sweetest ol boy, he was 88 and telling me about when he was in the war
sorry to hear about the bike
i hate the limited letters,too.hope you and the guys are fine?i pray for my dog,sheï½s not well
thinks its hard to find a summer job that would still allow me to serve at church.
im sry i missed out on ihops. my nose kept bleeding profusely. no fun
off to some real work grrrr! like i said, wish i was still on vacation! damn
waiting for my wifey to get out of work im home alone
beautiful weather here in kyoto, but today is unfortunately devoted to work sigh ????????
tough times indeed im still debating, but i think im pretty much decided... but ive still got a year and a half to decide
san diego with my favorite men. miss it umm...cole can suck it.
i want a new laptop. hp tx2000 is the bomb. who knows how much it is? im me gabbehhramos.com
you got cookies??
spring cleaning
uggggh. 139 for an xbox 360 pro on woot.com?!?! i wants but i cants have!
im doing 4 weeks worth of homework and going to london till tuesday
one day back in the office and i feel a cold coming on. or it was my raw vegan indiscretion. either way, i dont feel so good.
signing contracts and marrying other things 399 days to go
apparently your site is unable to offer the video to users in my region
did you know that i havnt played my 360 in over a week i just cant seem to find the time just now
i was afraid of that would it be wrong to skip out on m brothers gig even though the entire familys going? p sob
so sorry to hear you did not find your dog yet
walking home from school drains all my energy
if i am a beta tester for os3 on the iphone can i get mms enabled? because i cant at the moment....
thank dont like it hehe but its very easy and well im just a danish dude
is really going to miss nathan the next two days.
why does that picture turn me on..lol..just kidding..well not really
did she eat something bad?
hurt and sad
trying to sleep before i get up at six for work
drinking pepsi as a substitute for the starbucks i couldnt pick up this morning before work... how wack is that? im sad.
is counting down the days until his bandage can come off.... 5 days left
yeah, its nifty i think i did it right lol. it costs monies though!
sorry but follow us, were going to publish pictures and video and sometimes also in english
good morning! looks like a perfectly awesome day in long beach for racing!! but..i wont be there! ill be hanging the hotel....blah!!
can only really see my own updates with a only a couple of others getting thro
they lost 1 bag
is back from new york, but wants to go back so badly
thinks a final score of 128 129 is so disappointing.
that sweet .. i will miss you!
between that and the italy earthquake, its been a very sad news day.
treaty isnt defined
dang yall had fish yesterday? i miss fridays at grannys...yall just too far now! sad
is a misunderstood bitch
now im sad that i apparently did not get an email for 31dbbb day 2 oh wells
was intending to finish editing my 536page novel manuscript tonight, but that will probably not happen. and only 12 pages are left
just had a lovely avacado, bacon and chicken baguette now time for more work
excruciatingly slow today
nothing beats the cold, damp feeling you get when pulling on a wet pair of knicks
i miss yall though
ehhh dont. weathers gonna take a turn for the ugly tomorrow
looks like ive missed out on yet another job someone please employ me! haha
bye you two
is feeling ill today
is not wanting to work this week.....i want a vacation!!!
take it easy, and be good to you.
u sure did!
writing a lit essay on the night of the iguana!
having trouble finding one. sark never even got a hug or anything sappy. he said lauren loved him, but we never heard it
my poor baby has been in the hospital for a week. i cant wait til he gets better.
im seriously so devastated. hell yes. hahaha. x
what song ??? cant see the link
another try by the blues again, not good!!!!, gloucester have no chance now
pleaseeeeeee lily! i know you wont ever read this but i would love a reply xxxxx
thanks charmaine. how was the interviews?? still none for me yet
aryayush and preshit, twitter doesnt seem to be the place where anyone is interested in your queries, ive learnt it the hardway
redundant pieces of code lying here and there, stealing beauty and elegance from the projectss source,
bored outta my mind. sigh nothing to do. my back is still killing me. ahhhhg. i cant keep up with this shitttt. fml
good night swetdreamss to everyonee and jared never chat in kyte puff
what do i do when the girl i like,likes alcohol and drugs way better than me???
good morning!! had a great time last night!... have no plans
waaaaaaa my rank is something around 21k
whit a lot of negative energy in my mind fear for the worst
so cold...i hate snow 18 days until nfl draft!
back to work i go!!
boo! i was looking forward to tweeting with you during the race.
have a poor sick girl. luckily shes already passed out. hopefully she sleeps through the night. she needs it, my poor baby.
poor higgenson,, get well soon!! good luck tonite on jimmy fallon or soemthing xxxxxxxxxxx
yum yum eating chocolate, visited ol dschool was very sad
oh you went clubbing without me lol next time we can do it together
how come every time i eat something my stomach hurts afterwards. im really starting to hate food
whinging. my clientampboss dont understand english well. rewrote some text unreadable. its written by v. good writerampreviewed correctly.
just saw seceondhand serenade now i must work on my research paper that is due tuesday. i have not started on it yet.
i hope not. i blocked the guy immediately ..still kinda embarrassing
im lonely keep me company! 22 female, denver colorado
oh thats awful i hate when you trust someone and they hurt you so much!! grr!
...out that bugs me. they surely could of let us know sooner
no, not yet but also need to finish the rest of it
i always get insomnia at the most inopportune times.
bummed out, which i could go out and celebrate my siss bday. no, i have to go to stupid work later.
so ur just gonna delete me like that...y do i feel like quottom cruisequot on jerry maguire when he got fired right now, yo. lol!
seeing that shouldnt have made my stomach flip like it did
realized this morning that i forgot to meet up with a friend last night due to pure exhaustion. feel bad.
lily pleasee reply to me, ive had the shittest week ever x
my voice is almost gone
not wanting to get rid of her rabbits. this is going to be a great day..
in the lums doing project ...
awee, not fair im sorry.
thats no moon
oh no! i hope hes doing better and even more that you and he got some rest.
wtf i dont want to go anywhere today omg. this sucks x everything.
cry
it hurts poor thumb
yeah, shes lovely, it hurts to hear her calling for the others though she will be fine in a couple of days i hope.
just finished a delicious breakfast, my last in paris ill miss milk, europe has the tastiest milk in the world, i dont drink it in us.
hello nicholas. garza just called
aww damn, sucks for us!
is confuseddddddddd! help
i thought i saw you there! you were walking out the door when i saw you.
i still have major belly itch. bummer. dagger is getting a haircut tomorrow. its cold in my apartyment. my toilet wont stop running
i wish i could go to san diego today but ive got to work today
my shoulders are so hairy. why?!
ill just have to get my san jose tomorrow. im starving.
kind of disappointing
falling asleep. just heard about that tracy girls body being found. how sad my heart breaks for that family.
is the chat on line yet? now not on freeview not good
fuuuuuck! chuck got knocked out again.jesus i hope he retires now
is off to get some work done
my celtics garnett wher r u?? cavs..great! king james...extraordinary!!!
i dont know which show to watch tonight, i love dancing with the stars but i also love american idol!
no sun here and i was hoping to sit out on the balcony
oh noooo i hope youre ok, what did you eat? lt3333
my uncle passed today
nahhhh...tell me y jj fad quotsupersonicquot came on this morning and i got sad
halftime...does not look very good
i dont know how to do this..............
bed time now. stuarts off to wembley tomorrow. wish i was going good luck blue boys !
my iherb orders took like 3 days. but if its shipping ups innovations or whatever then it will take longer but no more than 5
hmm, my local copy of a site is having intermittent db connection issues with a live db server, yet the beta of the same site isnt.
140 character limit is bs...it blows the whole joke if u didnt read the end
is home but has to revise
had the best night in letterfrack! lol suffering now tho thank goodness richards makin pancakes!!! onto galway city later x
lol ugh thats so ominous, i hope i dont have to cry over idol this week too. fox hates me
thats horrible! is there anything you can put on it?
back from canada ugh. i lost my kitty. i hate life!
for example, it simply wont send direct messages. well, it will pretend it did, but it actually doesnt. kind of a deal breaker
this is embarrassing and irritating. conchords in tampa review.
i dont think my mission will be completed tonight for nick to wish me happy bday
i wanted to cry, the poor thing was trying hard to get out of the way after it got hit
afi are not at reading til sunday this sucks !!!!!!!!!
i know so sad watch friendly fires for me tomorrow!
aw, i hope youre okay! maybe take it easy and do treadmill or low options? or just go for a walk.
grr so tired and i dont know why i update i have no followers
morning all. v. groggy this morning....
its terrible isnt it. dont expect many earthquakes in euruope, certainly not bad ones
god im still tired . well guess who kept me awake ? haha dont blame you . that meant i didnt get my twelve hours sleep last night
bloody hell. sorry honey
theres an ambulance next door a little old lady lives there by herself, oh noes
grr not down to go to school today
this editing is taking its toll on my brain.
im looking for it myself. more rain in the forecast for later too
the zipper of my favorite pants is now broken i have perma open crotch!
why you are not following me
the most stressful day of the week. dyed my hair black and blue.love it.chinese tonitght?ive got no more money left
looks like another beautiful day here today i love it! sorry
got 14 hours of sleep! on the other hand, i had another bad driving dream.
a lot better today, thanks! unfortunately being sick did not mean loss of apetite for me. x
valium, i needz it
cant get twitterberry to work
....but do i still win
oh no! i hope its minor amp easilycheaply fixed.
its so warm today! and my external hard drive isnt working
want to make a breakfast burrito but im out of cheese.
the worst part about laundry is the longer that you wait to do it, the more unpleasant it becomes.
gmornin all...dont wanna go into work 2day, i think i might still be sick, which isnt pretty after last week btw end the fed hr1207!
everyone of my twitpics of cupcakes gives me weight loss ads for 57lbsweek
waiting.. in a very verrry lonng line
i have no dvd seen it before though, brilliant film. enjoy!
oops! just bricked my iriver h10 during a firmware upgrade...definitely time to get an ipod now!
txt im alright. im so sore. it hurts to do anything, even breathe.
brahbrah. ugh. bed in a hour.
sadly is going to bed.
it amazes me men like you actually exist... i hope i find someone someday who will love and value me
i want to buy shoes today i had brunch wmy sister, my cousin amp a few girlfriends so im sleepy now.
i had a crazy dream about you, i asked you to shave your beard in order to sleep with me i never found out if you did it or not
yeah lol we go thru this every day unfortunately ....
lcrew still no email from jinx
still extremely sick laying down all day
im thinking of getting my old fm tuner from the garage as im having problems when my pc just stops playing audio
had our 1st soccer game today and lost 24
i know, mar!! i saw it in my updates!! i dont understand.. are they changing again?
ouch. i have the biggest headache ever.
it definitely isnt fun reading 8h of tweets...
can you not find a list of songs by each band on blipfm, or do you have to search for each song title individually?
i have to go to school now
is so sick. my body hurtssssssssssssssssssssss.
wine rossofreddo chilled red w slice of peach, sangiovese blend during meal. pics didnt work svago is now in my top 5, was amazing!
sleepy star wars loner
no picnic my phone smells like citrus.
at work and tired. doing reports... fun! no not really
i foolishly chose cad over scoundrel and am now on a list of computer design geekery.
watching snow fall in winchester in april!
wanting to put a pic on my profile but dont know how with my phone
listening to your show as always. how could you play half of the new greenday song? amp you just totally crushed my little heart lt3
oh god, dont tempt me
back home. taking a nap because i am wore out, kinda on the sad side since i think its finally quits with the boyfriend
im stuck in san clemente and i have work in an hour and 15 minutes. efffffff
think my fave f1 driver will win touch wood but my fave team is pretty much out of it
shit its ten past one! and i gotta get up early. oh deary me. better going to bed now goodnight, sleep tight, dont let the bedbugs bite!
i dun feel goood. my tummy hurtz
you were pretty much my fave...not much reason to watch now
d i hope youre gonna be okay soon. id get drunk for you but i haz no booooze haha. im okay, im driwning in work though
know exactly how you feel man re
lil1 has gone with her dad in the tractor and im going to clean the bathroom
lol he wasnt yesterday but were alright now aaghh i have to go to work when its nice and sunnyy... typical!
i wish i had the day off. some people have all the luck.
yeah i was happy with the season. too bad it looks like it might be canceled. hopefully not.
has to go to work but cannot be bothered! just want to stay home and sing 5 hours of family guy tonite!! woop
nin ipod app looks sick, hope its free dont betray me trent!
i loove td... until it puts you in time out ... im in twitter lockdown as we speak...
awe whats wrong?
id love to come shop with you. sadly i am in mn at a stupid dance competition for my friend though. moa in mn? yes?
snow?!?!
i am driving back to kewanee to work. so sleepy.
well it sunny outside..... but im stuck indoors far far away from a window roll on dinner
nothing scheduled for the rest of the day. feel free 2 add 2 my agenda! its been a rather uneventful day
so the gig on the 21st got cancelled. apparently someone doesnt want be in the same line up as us.
ok so i had a not so brillant idea to go to the store before the rain...made it 2 streets only to be blinded by the rain..back home now
some silly girl turned away from the cottage, loudly called the black doorman nier we were all gobsmacked
ive smoked so much recently, more than ive ever done
i was checking out spotify but you need an invite or to pay
looking for my last freaking update. i deactivated my phone
i just let my everquest 2 subscription lapse. just dont play it anymore. dont have the time
dammit detroit!! lets get it together!! love you guys still!! xoxox
ha what are you now my p.a ? man id tell people to follow u but i might miss our tweeting too much
dont make me jealous of not being home in glasgow
been up since an annoyingly early hour for a saturday, laying in bed attempting to fall back to sleep....it is evading me
what car in my parking lot doesnt have one of those?
at a civil procedure review lecture
im hungry, but of course theres nothing to eat im gonna watch snl, then bed. goodnight!
yeah, i know, what a freak! but its raining and pouring out
ha! im printing mine school coz my printer can be pretty dodddgy. cost me like 15 bucks
i wanna go, but i am only 20!!!!
omg! i have been so behind on everything. didnt know you would be in baton rouge. dies....
just got a 25euros fine, a bad sore throat, and a horrible running nose. what a great weekend
i should sleep longer than only this 3 hours last night so than my only thing to say for now is good night!!
i thought u luvd me homie
aww helen is dying. so sad to see her like that
being left out ruins a night. bf ran into old college buddies and destroyed our date night
got a synopsis for 13 to life by from the textnovel site but no cover art yet.
i thought today was going to be a good day...but it didnt quite work out that way
i wish you were with me too
is extremely hungry
think i need to start buying and using wrinkle cream
having a really down night. its good im talking to a counselor on monday. these unfounded worries about my imminent death are annoying
turns out there had been earthquake warnings in italy and they were ignored
just had an intervention with one of my closest. alcohol is great, but were getting worried...
i dont want to be cold in april, but i am
so sad
at my dads talent show dinner thing. no one else is here yet my parents are to busy schmoozing so i am sitting by myself at our table.
glad to hear that! sorry i didnt come
i think i need a coffee, iï½m falling asleep here
damn! ur having sooooooo much fun it seems.......hmph! my schedule....work hopefully.
dear fbdimms please give me my 4gb of memory back.. i used to have 8 running 90 full crippled pc
i cant find a car i like
owwie! the dictation software wont pick up whispering eh? i know meleney has it but dunno how good sound pickup is.
late night snack, glass of oj bc im quotdown with the sicknessquot, then back to sleep...ugh i hate getting sick...
waitin 4 the theory test centre 2 open
i love bubbletweets! i just wish i could do more than 3 a day...
i dont like these late start night shifts coupled with it being bloody light outside my window when im meant to be going to sleep
that championship bout was pretty tactical. . but in a boring way!! leites shoulda came out blazing in the 5th!? depressed
ah come on u already got an oh, am all on my lonesome its like bgt sob story lol
no.....not with my dad...... i wish......
another saturday night and another night shift. i must of upset someone at the office to keep getting these
shooting outside my house o not kidding! so scared
it was a one off special im afraid. no proper series this year
cool! thank you thank you
my heart is abused with so many hurtful lies, and truths. i hate being sappy about these kind of things. i hate it
it sucks when youre looking for 3rd st. and you see 25th st. because you know youre 22 streets away.
is 20min away and i cant go oh well cyrus movieee at 4
dammit....giants lose
im glad you have the power! which reminds me of that song quotive got the power!quot but idont remember name so cant blip
ruddy money!! i like it!! still waiting here.... oh what a surprise... by state too?? hmmm....... seriously!!
is nursing one very sore back
sorry, must of left a corel install cd somewhere in you room then..
oh im very rarely sick! cant remember getting home though
needs a hug
no sign of camera in todays post ... hope it arrives before the long weekend
lol i wish i only had bad sync. in germany right now where the subtitles dont work at all. lol
i find that almost un iversally true
good morning mi gente. i got the bad case of allergys no bueno
its probably as bad as you guessed!
i reaaly miss john mayers twitters. fuck rude people. remove him if you dont like his tweets, bitchfucks.
emily didnt make it to the bar
june 16th! so far away. im excited! but i might go alone, even though i bought two tix. sadness.
what? apparently its 52 degress at 11pm in washington state. i miss winter already
my kitty is lost
bored messing with photos.... insomnia? i have to work in the morning
bout to go to bed, without her baebe ... but she had a good time with her 1 tonight!!!
these type of stories need to stop showing up in the news.
nope... you already hurt my feelings... no apologies! jk... that stinks.. how long til you come back?
im going to bed feeling a bit depressed. not really looking forward to tomorrow
blah sick not going to school today
god pls... m tryna be a good gal... u noe it best.... i dun n dun n dun wana be in deep shit... help me out here.... omg...
its bad that we cant buy it here
i sure as hell do not care about special relativity. screw modern physics. i miss biology class
nebraska seems awesome. tailgaiting can happen anywhere apparently. wish i could make the connection in chicago.
nambu getting some good reviews as an alternative to tweetdeck sadly mac only
thoughts on the new noisettes? im missing the crashing drums and screeching vocals
has no milk for a cup of tea
doesnt want to go back home
had a fun night, although i couldnt help but be worried about poor little logan.
cant stay up any later, although im missing my show.
morning everyone!! still feeling poorly! hope u all have a good day! x
what made you say twitterers are witty as f? i guess im not one of the witty ones, since i had to ask
ive been stuck in this house for two days
missin alot of things that i gave up
atlantic owns everything pacific
im too! bummer no ginobili will b an uphill battle..was talking trash to ..marks bro..ill b quiet til monday
coffee is turning into starbucks feral childrenwise
whats not cool is all the snow in detroit lately.... haha!
really? did you send out all the info already? if you did..maybe you could just email me stuff missataari.com
i am sure it will! i have got loads to do today
rain is so nice. however, i want to go run
ahhh!! my webcam is messed up and wont turn on!
i cant sleep i need to work on my speech about huka and youth, i hope i get the 10 full marks
thanks for saying good bye cry cry xxx
its been a year since mark speight died a year goes so fast.
if only you were working in the melbourne victoria police department or the melbourne city cabs.
just completed another movie night alone. cadillac records made me cry lakeview terrace made me nervous. time to go to bed alone
i am at work
this is the worst year for formulaone. weather always sucks. i hope itll be okay when i watch in september!
everyone wants froyo tonight too... so i has to wait on this long line
wishes restaurant city or pet society could be ported to the iphoneitouch.
my coffee was cold
just played abit of quotleft 4 deadquot...scared to bits now
not a good moment for my email to stop working
the 27th is the last day you have to try it! let me know when you want it, ill hook it up
if i had it my way id spell it wensday but unfortunatly im not a roman emperorviking god..so i have no say in the matter
lol nope! but i did have complete camerafail
omfg im never drinking again...i still have a fuckin sore throat
should i go for a run or should i do my laundry?? or both? still gotta work tonite..
happy friday twitter bugs!! have a safe and fun night! im stuck in the house studying
just watched seven pounds. feel vaguely depressed.
dat one hurt my feelings
is waiting for the scrappers to come to pick up his old saab
guy with laptop hasnt showed. what a feckin waste of time
someone tweeter back to me that its kfcs version of mccafe i was hoping for a dine in kfc ala pizza hut.
trying to convince former bonny rpers to set aside their skepticism about last nights awesomeness and give this another go. failing.
our stormyness has moved on
but im not feeling well, mommy...
i have to save my shekels for the weekend, plus i have a tonne of work to do. once again, responsibilities ruin everything.
its snowing again
a howd tht hap?!
i know thats how i felt after givin them presentsthem not appreciating it horatio is the real man lol
i dont think so, not sure. havent learned itunes much. i just miss filebased players
ouch mine too
you fell off my list...did i offend you?
well i was just training. thought id get the job but they want someone more experienced lol im not meant for hard labor
algebra homework. on a saturday, whatta great fucking day. someone entertain me. please.
i hope since is friends with she doesnt make a call to get me destroyed herebeforeoprah
im lonely keep me company! 22 female, parkersburg west virginia
i have to leave carl on his tod for a few nights week after next
no pain to really be the issue though, theres the thing.. cant figure it out...
telfer etc etc. fucking bunch of wangs.
lanna no happy lanna got huge feet but wants the purple shoesssss
man... taxes suck. im horrified that i did something wrong on them. turbotax decided to keep around a lot of the stuff i turned off.
i love quoterynquot your melodiesnote selections were very very dope! the song is hot as well, i wish i had the full version.
i wish i got
i think my life is horrible
ugh! i wake up and ff goes to sleep guess i should just do more revision
a really?
morning twitter sorry for the neglect, feel like crap today looking for a sympathy vote
hell yeah ugggh, how about not!!!
might sky it, dont think i could stay up and watch whole thing tonight
its 4 am now. . . i need to go to bed. i am dying of football
congratulations! i didnt catch my 2222 mark. oh well, theres always 3333...
i need a hangover cure
ughhh history projects are laaaaame. i miss kenneth
had to come inside because the cable didnt reach to the bit of the garden with sun now sitting in the lounge instead...
so the procrastination starts early in the quarter. i dont want to reaaaaad and write a paper
feeling stressed about my little dog who looks like he has spinal injuries
worst part is that i couldnt even go back to sleep. i ended up just watching tv, but im still very tired
what a long day!! one show tomorrow, and then back to school for the week!
im so sick of bein lonely
spring break isnt as fun as i had wished it was going to be.
finally! updated...oohh i sooo miss the internet sorry to say that woop2x may not open apr.10 so hows it goin??
the doctors are just after leaving
ohhhh no. i was clearing out my dvr as well and i fell asleep for a few hours. i have to work in the morning.
ugh. im so burnt.
aaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh, july is so far away
our home is so clean now. its awesome. i bet its messy again my monday though.
ouch, a wedding in the morning ?
somehow it hot deleted
has a bit of a scratchy throat i hope it goes away before thursday and my weekend of fun!
i still cant find my phone , and i cant call it , cause its dead
i dont know the dance.
i cant even get the audio streaming asot400
had a fun night in philly even though my ears are still ringing from the club music. work in the am, yay
it looks like a hurricane outside im scared i think im oging to go eat my cherrios now
has a very sore hand
wishing there was something to do, everyone is busy
gosh steve that was exactly like my night! thats so odd for us both to have such a similar experience. not nice hugs x
oh noes! brothers xbox 360 has the red ring of death
i couldnt because it was in jersey and during the day....i was filming all day
uugghhhh.....i hate gloomy weather
i am stuck in the city y is the holland tunnel closed! i just wanna go bac to jersey
im sorry. and you hit someone huh?
going to livys party later ..... really freaking tired, my alergies were extremely bad last night and i couldnt sleep
i saw ice in the rain today. not quite snow, but frozen water, nonetheless.
sorry to hear
i am nice and burned after tanning because i hadnt gone for so long lol. oh well.
are you coming to aus?!?!? or is cobi going to you jealous!!! lol misser you
i love the sun!! i hate school that keeps me out of the sun
my blisters!!!!!!! got like 5 on both feet omgggg
so a murder? gotcha. cant believe it
its still sittin in my room. lookin for a sweet sweet home....
i think im gettin a cold
4. yes, four pages of interp requests to document. grrrrr!!!
this is sooo what ima talkin bout! i could live n this! booyahh! but its 89k
i think ive had my fill of poop today with two little ones and a puppy there is more than enough to go around.
the back of my throat feels funny... like perhaps i could find myself sick, kind of funny.
im very sorry for your loss
for that confirmation stuff? i think so but i dont want to. im tireddddd!
sailing off...
oh no.. post camp depression is kicking in
does anyone know where to get nissin cup noodles in us? any store online maybe? i miss them
im glad you arent dead after your dragon experience. i have a dinner tonight, cant do movies anymore when are you next free??
i wish i could see eddie! never in davenport
i would, but all of my nice pants are either too big or too short im going with a dress. hopefully theres no wind.
i am amazed that my bro knows what gps stands for...i feel ashamed
is it seriously snowing in april
i was just told im old
7?! whaat?! i dont think ill be able to make it
i feel like crap.
sure! im thankful they did so much research. horizon is at the bottom with 0 cows. sunnysideraleys or 365wholefoods 4 cows
my itchy toe is all swollen today.
hey gurrl. i hate how were so far awayyyyyyyy. we should be out together miss you x
omg... quotthe readerquot is making me
rainy day...had to push a senior shoot to thursday cant wait thought!
there woz summin rng with tht cream egg
love the art dolls! i keep putting things in cart then forget until sale is over
aww, no emerald dream? i was looking forward to questing with you later.
its gonna be a long agonizing tuesday.
has way too much to do over the next month.
started raining in mt eden
ugh...only one day of break left for me...
yes..!!! i wish i will be in la... so you should come with me ..! what you think?
i never stretched either, thought nothing would happen. now im in a cast and cant go running.
aw i hope that makes you feel better. im having a pizza amp movie night to remedy my mood. ice cream sounds good though.
in bed watchin btvs wiv an achey head
im never going to sleep. its been over 40 hours now. please someone give me rohypnol! or ghb. or anything that actually works.
huhuhuhu i wish i was with you guys... having chickfila... boo school ruins everything!!!!!
all of em???
i am in tears!! maalaala mo kaya is soooo sad. i swear, filipino soaps are the best sniff sniff
ooh iï½m excited and not even going 2 be there long love youtube!
my mom and sister are watching johnny depp film a movie in puerto rico right now and im at work
cant tweet working over the head
dear morrissey, stop cancelling shows. it bums people out. first ft lauderdale, now oakland. get it together. thanks lt3
at joy 102.5 today. its too nice to be working inside
im sure youre right... i need to start working out with you and the nikster... or jared at least!
i had no one to play with me at the park today hopefully tomorrow isnt so lonely when i attempt to play basketball...
and you are mean you only gave me 8 mampms!!
alas, nothing new for me there . im already following , and
wahliao i seriously cant take the heat!!cold water isnt helping,fan blasting in my face isnt helping!how??
i needed a lie in lol. i havent slept for more than 6 hours in a few days now. its killing me!
sadly thats true! football is definitely better than cricket
im in the mood for some chocolate. i want..... miniature reeses cups. now
i lost my nintendo ds
love calling my clients on a weekend.
i seriously dnt feel good!ugh i hope i feel way better by tomorrow.even tho i probly wont.if i dnt feel better im screwed. marianna
cant stop crying. man.... 7pounds is no joke
short stack oneshot s i need a storyline
working on saturday,
that you wont be here for the festivities.
how i wished there were zune for mac... not liking to have to move to use windows for interacting with me player
jeff gamet is out sick for this weeks design tools weekly podcast. i miss him
wtf!? they still dont have britney for the record up yet.
oh im really sorry to hear that
i want the chowmein and shrimps that i got from spring rolls go but they dont make the same kind at the resto
is wondering if the deployment will go by fast this time.... hard to not think about anymore... especially at night.
morning everyone! stuck in registration for a while then assembley! nayyy
has a gnarly blister on the pinky toe
enjoying the last weekend before going back to work..
darrrlingg. going out for dinner s will be back not to late, chat then. hope u had fun today! haha i fad a great day loveyouxx
going to sleepmigraine but the rez was great! have fun all you rez twitterers! drive home safe!
love him, he never answers me back though mind u all i say is hi
uuuuuuuugh bb holds
had the worst dream abt some turd face ex.. ugh. it was awful.
i lost 2 followers!
lenreversed1,2,3 3 in py 2.5 and 2.6.1 but not in 2.6.2
yeah, just told us the story. condolences
working on words next to the friendly air install button to reassure user that scary install dialog is ok certificate is not enough
good morning! im off to the hospital with my dad to spend basically all day in the waiting room just for a two minute app fun fun fun!
returning some amazing shoes. heals are leather veneer. yuck. on the pair i tried on the sticker wasnt. person got new ones from back..
all this new snow and 70 is closed i know i could take 285 but i almost slid off kenosha pass a few years ago
are you and fern going to be on together soon? i miss your banter
opps hahaha i made a mistake hehehe! but yeh, when school starts its hell blah goodnight!
i want to dye my hair but im afraid ill screw it up help!
listening to bjorks all is full of love... crying
i saw squirrel some months ago on your twitter. im sorry its for mac only
1 word, excedrin..
stupid 3 year project! feels like youve conquered something then you realised its only 1 year down
drooling thru physical science
is bored cleaned all day
i paid last time lol..well maybe. ill ask dad for a few bucks to help out haha
i dont wanna leave co! 415 am is coming too soon!!
myschooolfthought no work my browser says something in arabic thats waaaayyyy beyond me. ah well! you still with google?
today is so pretty and i dont even feel like leaving out of the house...am i in a funk? me no likey
hugs back thanks hon. i cant believe hes gone!
sitting on sisters computer
cant sleep bc i drank a diet coke 9pm....sucks bc i have to wake up at 530am
is working and then wedding at 2 yippy skippy
me too i dont do suits. i look like im in fancy dress. especially with shoulder pads.
im letting the pandora run while i pack stuff to send home tomorrow
im home
the print shop cant actually print 11x17 posters. how the hell do those things get made? this wrinkle is gonna cut into my nap time.
my laptop officially will naught charge. can i manage a weekend without it? yes im an addict
why arent you coming with your aunt? cries i want to see you
lol gladly! i made a lot! but i cant bring it to school
is going to this school by herself
oh i thought the pirate bay trial verdict was today s apparently its in 10 days
i am historically sick at the moment. seriously, its epic.
i totally had the perfect theme to quotappropriatequot for my blog but now i cant find the link
eating cold dinner
morning. my exit interview got moved to wed. today i will focus on prepping my ipod lesson... by updating amp syncing 30 ipods
back!! were out of cheese balls
right know i am not liking this quottwitterquot, it looks more like a newspaper, its boring to read all the little boxes of text. its been 9min
i just miss the 4th amendment.
we just finished 10 seasons of friends in two months now what are we going to watch?!!??!
sigh if anything there are more people fishing in the bloody dalaran fountain now i only need 3 more coins...
yeah big time came home yesterday puking,nauseous and dizzy, had to get shifts covered today for same thing
i havent done my taxes yet.
in class
my daughter is having a play date with her best american friend.. i wish they got to see each other more.
just woke up, ughhh its too early.
its 1118am in hawaii amp i just woke up! i love saturdays...even though i have to work in 2 hours at least i get monday off!
i dont want to walk home in this snow. who wants to pick me up?
do you have any halls brand medicated throat lozanges?
gah... it wont let me make a myspace for my social studies campaign...
i just got here, siren! you cant go!
nooo brat. to the west coast hahaa quite making me sad
cant listen to on my mac
law school in general doesnt sound like too much fun... lots of studying on saturdays...and every other day of the week!
noooooo! family guy on bbc3 for the next 3 hours...i should really go to bed at somepoint soon though and ill miss new fg tomorrow. grrr
poor joshy is sick??? those damn tejanos!
fairly certain i have the flu.
ugh, i really better not be getting a soar throat on a glorious day, with my luck ill be stuck inside and it will be gorgeous out!
ah! cant decide what to buy for birthday
im being set up again except now ill have to watch her with 2 huge membered guys, i feel like a hat stand
tell tom to hold his wallet until rwa i am working for my boss ned, unfortunately. nedfail
rickey smiley is okay but i really miss the big phat morning show
explain how, jazmine got from to perhaps im being elitist but its so disappointing
not feeling good this morning. and no im not hungover, lol. it takes more than two glasses of wine for that.
sitting at my desk eating dinner. great thai but a bit of a sad situation overall
cant fall asleep
i hate having to go to specific stores to buy booze, especially because theyre few and far between with shitty hours.
theyre velcro cloth bands that wrap around our waist when we try to pee on furniture, we cant bc it ends up on our band!
no, i found tht pic on google images
this is about when i would be breaking out the paperclips.
i swear our spring break went superrrrr fast
has to work in 5 or so hours
won points in the office f1 betting. but lots of people ahead of me coz i didnt bet in the first race
would like the world to stop talking about ipl already. im depressed. thanks to dvd mixup, no rosencrantz and guildenstern.
thats cool! cubbies we only have a aaa team here in portland going to a game tomorrow...
rain ruined the malaysian gp not much fun, neither any money from it ...
is super pissed cause she missed the guy she like on chat...
no frickin way! how come ive never heard of this before!!! maybe its been canned scared just by the vid.
i dont know what i should eat for dinner! again pizza???
idk, jules...its pretty darned dark here now! and dont leave for heavens sakes...
i should have paid more attention when we covered photoshop in my webpage design class in undergrad
sorry, sf. rescheduling my sf trip for this coming weekend to mid may. bad circumstances
wow! bummer! sorry to hear that nora
i need gay friends
so jealous about the show tonight
tuesday! this week is going so slow
checked out you halo site. love the idea and the product, but need much bigger bags got a choc lab! and a little pricey.
mother fuckers. changing the rotas without telling me not cool. off to work.
ugh, you!! not a horse in sight here. well, not one thats mine at least. and neighbors frown on stealth riding..
youre so not gettin yer mitts on my gameboy now, biatch
mine too
yeah i have a sinus infection.
i only get that when im around alot of people. it sucks.
getting ready to go out with jolie... and being a girl, since i have nothing pretty to wear. i mean, i do, but im just being fickle.
you really have no idea. i have this great city and no one to destroy it with
at an insane amount of food at s dinner party... last day of our four day weekend tomorrow
the way i have been feeling the last few days and nights... i think i have conficker... it tried playing opossum... it didnt work
in the garage getting an estimate for the wheel damage on my car from sundays little mishap not looking good!
lmaooo leave thatitans alone i cant believe i missed u 2day
cigerates up 25 and petrol up 5c bollix about the petrol dont care about cigs,
my twitter isnt working
i love the love the love loves me,but that guy i love dont loves me
baby, i miss you so much.
uhmmm no video... thanks anyway asot400
and i wasnt happy then either. i just dont like him. stop teasing me...im still in mourning over my stars! heehee
does not come from a land down under, where women glow and men plunder
yeah! and did i leave my charger at ur house? if not i left it at graces? and i cant come until 5
i miss sam a lot and i want mcfly to come tour in canada!!!!!!!!!
it didnt sink, i am just banned from using keyboard while eating
oh noes. how did you manage to send something to the trash can and empty it without noticing! i feel for ya
wish my friends were on twitter
my head is throbbing. looks like i wont make it out to improv tonight, no ride home. wah wah wah.
work till 1000pm. i wish you were right now so id have something to look forward to when i get out tonight
wut? i thought i was supposed to marry you when i grow up
fourth day of holidays, im sooo bored!!!
stayed away from record store because i tend to spend too much. went back today for record store day and dropped spent 70. i never learn
my internet is being painfully slow, it hurts
just saw a rabbit hopping through central square. felt bad for it.
aww well i thought it was a fun website anyway. dont be lonely!
yay i talked to lauren she still hurts. lol i saw observe and report. dude but wtf so much male junk. grawww wth....
im so cold
gnight peepz i think i cant sleep
i miss my 3 am meals ... now that i go to bed a lot earlier i dont have them anymore
i want a car!!
msu lost it in the first ten minutes. maybe even the first five. congrats!
so broke hate not having money
seriously having to force myself from doing the music today. term papers are unfortunately more important today and thats not fun
if vcu brandcenter doesnt let me know of their decision by next week, id have to let them go! really like the school though!
emotionally not feeling good
changed plans seeing bedroom philosopher but not felicity ward, cant get there in time sorry felicity.
its day one of my ivf injections so let the fun begin
work...
amazing song... especially after my car just got keyed
i want a delicious salvadorian dinner too salvadorian food is sadly not in high demand
argh!! i tired what looked like the mostlite torpedo at quiznos and after looking up nutrition info it was still 14 points
just woke up. started off my day by dropping my crackberry.
it just makes me happy! over and over again! i just wish i wasnt afraid to fly
i agree... the jobros dont update theres very often
my dog ate the cat
having to articulate a highfive fail.
i have packed off hubby to bristol! missing him already
sometimes its better out than in. i feel for ya.
me too ? whats wrong ?
on my way to lakeview, really sad i couldnt make concert...
awe double today and thursday? damnnn girl. gotta love regal minimum wage pay.
totally agree! m already seeing the end of my sunday.
working and derby are losing and its sunny outside bummer...
bob saget!!! im jus bout to go to sleeeppp i think blah
officially sick. green tea, golden seal, echinacea and zinc very good. nyquill and sleeping in awesome.
at mobilityvic.org launch. no grog nice video from pwc though
my mom made me take out my belly button piercing.
although, menthol cigs are vile also.
argh! not again though its better than waterloo current song being played by my head dj
my saturday appears to be vanishing quickly
i just gave an msu fan a car rental discount.. he looked so sad i just couldnt turn him away..
sat homework
gutted! i worked for the fringe last year, wont be back this year
got his orders for kentucky today
man my wrist hurts i hate this!!!
writing a paper all day
im out of smokes
apparently i was wrong, you cannot do it st. louis
i dont think i can find a way to convince mom to drive that far out of her way. maybe you should call her and ask!
hmm, a request for me to feature an app on my site from a quotmerketing specialistquot sic addressed to quotdear editor!quot oh dear
i miss you sooo much come back to my home!
downloading nins new album quotthe slipquot when the hell did this come out? im so behind the times these days
still at office working on coursework
really wish i could download the radio bits and not have to stream. internet is slow here in malakal
the party gods are frowning on me i have to work the whole wknd
seriously girl, i know.
slacking on my tweets. were in ft. smith seeing friends and family. bad storms here are making me very nervous
i heard somebody is going to be killed off of csi ny!!! noooooo so sad
a that suckssssss xoxo
not looking forward to writing a 23002500 word essay for history for next week stupid exam essay worth 30 im scared
oooh! i love those earrings! do you mind if i ask which craft store you went to? we dont have much up here unfortunately
has to work an overnight shift and has no idea how i m gonna manage.
loud music and hardcore cleaning might help distract me...so much for painting
sorry, i tried messaging you awake
yearning to see jonas brothers the 3d movie, since its not out yet in sweden! im dying
no one s me
sunday morning...
feeling very poorly and sorry for myself. cant swallow, ow stupid glands.
needs some tlc
ahh wait im not
just got back from swimming in telford... i have pulled a groin muscle and it really hurts im sooo tired so im going to sleep night xx
i asked on os website how i could get show tickets to surprise my wife. this was long ago, and i heard back from nobody.
at least wait until 0105 then it can count to your page count if need be... im sure its not as bad as you think tho.
my sight is blurring a little bit lately... i hope i dont need glasses
grrr some relationships are worth too much effort ... and you wonder whether it is really worth it
went to pure groove and rough trade, but dont remember name of the band...pg had to make space, so no records to flick through
has to take her kids to the bus stop then get ready for work!
oh i bet i got more than a lot of people... but i have a no reason to be up right now...
i was disturbed that all the apple developers teaching the program are 12 year olds ... frightening.
theres not an option to message u. so dm your email addy. i have upcoming stories for you and max. hugs. jocelyn
last day of spring break it went by so fast and i dont wanna go back to school!
zurich does not have smelly bags anymore
read a word he didnt know and felt his brain preparing to go for the 5way controller before remembering that real books dont have them
still trying to win britney tickets to the phoenix show
no! i missed everything.. 14 onwards. stupid work getting in the way of tennis.
ooops.. i had a bug but i fixed it.. try that tiny url again..
okay, twitters having a major malfunction for me. no following, no the profile. im pretty bummed right now. twittear
i love the pcdroutines, i practiced for bottle pop two months before you came to holland, too bad i wasnt picked
very good luck with that ... very sorry to miss it
gee that sucks,
damn, all my joints are sore at the moment. either im feeling the effects of my pt session, or im getting sick, or both.
yeah.. i was hoping to play again but didnt
my neck is still hurting! oh and the thing i have is torticollis. its a neck spasm otherwise known as rye neck.. i went to the er today
its going to rain today and i forgot my umbrella. hopefully i can get to work before it does or ill have to dodge raindrops...
sitting in class bored as hell!!!
may have done some long term damage to her body. knees shouldnt be this swollen and i have evil sores in unspeakable places.
no i did quotget back on the horsequot a couple of times after the fall, but had lost all confidence. havent ridden for 5 years
thank you for the link, you are so very kind. i still cant believe it
is going to miss my dentist who is retiring ......because im a dentist wimp? no..because he let me run a tab lol
i wanna go to lamb of god
left my babe at the airport going to meet fabi and re for a brief lunch and then back home! mum and sister will be visiting
what a day.....running around....bro lost his game and im work for d night.....
dont be a meanie! it doesnt matter the weather out when i could go tanning anytime in a cancer machine!
waited for him to go online.. lucky me, i was eating when he imed me. 8 and now, hes offline. dayuuum.
thank you! im thinking about some bandsbut a lot is generic trash liking some indie electro lately though...
trying to work out which of my projects need the most urgent love. tempted to go with the easiest, not most pressing
back at work, havent even managed to get through the new emails in my inbox yet
boredddd watching boys play madden
thank uuu! i know i heard youre in dallas
wishing he didnt make me smile my heart wouldnt jump so daggone much and confirm what ive tried to deny i still love him.
sleepy babysittin tha nephew..tlkn 2 tha babez..had a lonq day..i need to rest..nite nite..twitter people
thats on u! i attempted u ignored me
im finally awake but idnt feel soo good
dont sound so excited
just visited jack in the hospital and cant believe how swollen he is, poor baby
very hungry and thirstu after the badminton. and i cant eat yet coz im the first to reach lfsq.
waiting in the cold for a manager to come
sad that garnett is no longer playing
waiting to go to work...all my family is sleeping and i am not... not fair.
i totally lost the first sprite challenge.
misses delfin e. deloria iii.
today pics for the annuary!!!!
going to the airport in 1 hour
is lonely
today was not a good day. lost one of my fav. hats, parents house got flooded. lots of other stuff too.
did you see that said that one of the computers crapped out?
sad sorry to hear about your pompom
listening to top 40. super pumped for the fights! cant decide what to wear!
is totally out of his depth trying to do the final essay for the development of political thought module
aww steph i know me too!! well make it up tonight though
o socks and showers? they dont mix, trusst me. they get wet and you cant wear them anymoreee its miserable
just preparing ofr group discussion utterly boring task
kno how to work n e thing so i jus went bak upstairs n did sit ups but later i played tennis 4 2 hrs, yay me!!
ahh mines totally over and im so pissed.
who is working over the holidays?? i am!!!
ugh i think i had but a half hour of sleep. im so bummed, last night was upsetting
i need my ipod fixed.
what is going on!? im missing something whos talking shit while drunk?
some parents are so meddlesome. it makes me cry
well i guess im too old to get any birthday wishes
watching chinese gp...only on tv
a poor white castle steve.
oh noele.. huntsmans are beyond any horrible scary word.. i hate them.. they freak me the fuck out!!! amp theyre freakin huge fuckers!!!
sorry the kids are sick try to enjoy your days off.
wishing i was at coachella
haits better than nothing. im gona feel dumb if i cant find mine by that day
might go hiking in the big thicket in a couple weeks. what monsters are supposed to be in this area? chupacabra? i hope not
i tried the sitecom one to, but felt to toylike
so sleepy now. my head hurts
i got a cut in my mouth in the back. i cant even eat. b
wants to be at the culinary festival!!
hi, i am unable to send you any pms unless you message me first so i coudnt even say gmorning today im sorry
is listening to an awesome song but i dnt no the name but i wanna upload it on limewire!!!!!
hey baby just saw in concert at palladium had hot pink boas tried to get you attention you did not see me amp now im sad
is at home all day
really hope it goes aright
watching since i left before i saw him read my name haha james gunn came by! woot!
im at work ...although i do have a day of tomorrow!!! yay! what u doin?
soluna is slower than accord
or should i say my brain needs to optimise my neural search pathways to find my muscles again
my garbage disposal is broken.
trying to write dssertation
saw someone at the apple store told that their warranty was voided cuz they unlocked their phone.
i actually miss how everyones kinda grown apart my old best friends, my cosplay buddies and high school mates... just kinda sad really...
me too why am i not going to glasto?! stupid girl! crosby, stills amp nash are playing too!
chinese f1 gp starting behind safety car due to rain
watching my brothers game their losing 6 to 1
i snickered for like twenty minutes thinking that was the awesomest name ever.
mines is in for repair
jogging. did not run today. feel like st. hope to run tomorrow...
im pretty sure its official...i have a cold. bleh
im going to put myself out of this misery and go to freakin bed. ugh
ugh i didnt mean to sign off and then when i got back you were gone
oh that sucks.
that does sound boring as hell becs
thievery corporation lemondta a turnï½jï½t
laying in bed watching shrek with kaden.. bbqing with my bf amanda tomorrow and letting the kids play.. poor steven has to work ..
exaggerated or completely untrue? i hope its the 2nd, as i cant imagine my drive to work without listening to you
all did not go to plan, ended up seeing the boat that rocked, and only about an hour and a half later
damn baby girl you one of my all time favorites, but you lookin busted on this pic. the cig ...
no updates
calculating a big to do list, bad times
the drawback to this is that every picture i take with my phone is broadcast and is sent with the file name as text. automationatacost
at home, plans fell through like always. and news for everyone, i think i got used last night....and its not a fun thing to feel...
now theres even more reason for me to come over!! now i want coffee, but i can t
honey im home! oooh crap!!!! its back to reality! i hate vacations!!!
hey! im leavin in the morning...
yeah got it, but was on my way with hubby to garage etc.
ugh. i hate being sick.
just had some red sky crisps, bacon amp cream cheese. sooooo nice i want more
guuuuuuyyyyyyyssssss i dont wanna be frankie
4.34am... feels more like pm... sleep is not my friend!!!
just saw some snow flakes
blehh, i think i broke my middle finger at shockwave... i dont think i am going to church either...i am really tireddd..nightyy nite!
youre making me hungry. i have nothing good to snack on, either.
my beellly hurts so just laying around, thinking about a bunch of stuff. textme.
how did i get to the point where im six credits from being done with my course work? feeling too close to no longer being a student.
, im at the football so i cant send you a md on my phone so ill wait till i get home
my son has milia...baby proactive anyone?
i guess im out of funny
sorry hun ! kids screaming grrrrrr, i would stay up but am feeling poorly promise i will play another day xxxxxxxx
tks pa 4 quottapauingquot croissant tuna knowing dat ive backtoback meetings since morning amp zuraidah tks 4 buying my fav starbuck mocha frap
man, that took forever.
my mouth hurts!!!
feeling kinda down. wish i could go back to bed. taking the kids on a playdate in the woods later.
no! i lost a loyal
ill give you a fiver towards the fine not much, but im skint from paying for al darlings eyebrow waxing
my contacts have been bugging me all night. ugh. gonna watch csi. its glasses day tomorrow.
did some voluneering and now have to focus on uni stuff. need to write a press release, how hard... wish i had more practice
he has karate tournament in 8 weeks
sorry upside weather says snow all day today in georgetown co, but clear about 6am tomorrow amp then partly cloudy.have good day!
i know i need someone to save me and take me to the park..
im so sorry to hear about your dog
hope you are feeling better now jon? are you looking forward to going on the cruise? i soooo wish i was going xx
sick at home wishing i was at church.
really needs a friend right now and wants to cry
rain, what? i was gonna twowheel it to the sc office today.
why are you depressed?
i am the only kittie fan in the room
ooooh! i wanna come. i was bussin they asses the other day, so im probably banned. she tried to call me a quotbutton basherquot!
ah the sweet sound of chaos that is school holidays, i wish i was fit to work all day and let wifey deal with this..alas its not to be
wow. i envy you. i want one too. hahaha. my poor laptop.
i really want a kitty, probably not gonna happen though
oh sorry for the late response. she got hit by a car
i have to fill two hours
feels all grown up and boring!
why is it that parra eels are sucking so much lately? grrrrrr i recon a group of 10 yr old girls can do better then they are right now.
there was just a hornet in my room! and i freaked out. i had my brother kill it. my mom is deathly allergic to them.
i hate how all my friends are at coachella but me.
i suffered from writers block the entire day yesterday and then after midnight ideas started hitting me and i havnt yet been to sleep o
why do i only think of good april fools jokes waaaaaaaaay after its over! didnt even fool anyone
is at work, and really freaking tired...
unfortunately i wouldnt pass the colouring in section to get on the show
just finished watching the new heroes episode....god, i cant wait for next weeks episode heroes ftw
are you bringing me some? am so hungry only have chef boyardee and no spoon or n e thing
driving back to la quinta tomorrow... i should sleep, but im oddly wired.
didnt sleep too bad considering i have a workshop starting today. beginnings of a sore throat though
awake...cannot go back 2 sleep amp its still snowing outside....wondering am i going 2 b able 2 go n e where 2day
headed home. upset.
i would love to swim but dont know how
therealjaymills i wish there were more indie stores out there to support. joints is jive scarce these days.
oh jewbus! two years worth of classes work is alot to organize gt_lt im not finishing tonight, its not possible...my bones ache
yeah i think i will have to do that as well i am working at kmart tonight.
same, but unfortunately i have to pack now
how was the club? i wish i went to uptown now. im mad!
is so exhausted from mercer... not particularly excited about working tomorrow morning
homework
i wish i could teach outside today
off for my morning run through coldarsed boston
would like a nap but cant
no power for the last 3 hours
ugh... feeling like death warmed up. all of us are sick no bueno.
haha! nah! no more. i go back twice a month. the bus tickets too expensive already
no it costs me
sayang i miss you too hope i can talk to you sooon!!
wicked was mentioned on this morning i heard it all the way from upstairs alexia khadime is coming back in may and kerry is leaving
its summer outside and i cant enjoy it because the devil is ravaging my insides
at home now. fun fun fun tell its time to return to the real world on monday
i call white castle burgers belly bombsso yummy but 15 mins later my stomach is aching!!! might be that i just ate 10 of them
spending a beautiful weekend in bed with the flu really sucks.
its a great article but quite sad. we are the saddest pinnacle of evolution
according to my bro, our new puppy had a poo fight and was covered in poop picture stolen from him
gets to take 3 math classes, a computer science class and an education class next semester
gooooodmorning twitter! gotta get started on my homework thts due on monday no bueno!
ppl are going to bed
wish i had all the xblm downloads all on the gamertag hitokyri. this 5 gamertag thing is nonsense... and im tired of it
has coffee breath. i need something minty.
i still have no krudd money yet
ugh, i know, tell me about it! they just dont know how to get runs!
just got home from ldn miss it tones already but will return soon lpl
at home with a cold
iï½d love too, but there are no brazilian holidays in may!
huh? i thought hells kitchen was a ramsay thing. whos this nobody guy? get ramsay back.
has missed breakfast and is bummed out
revision over for now. but did manage to type my entire drama play without script amp withut mistakes.
haha noooo dont be mad!
kim!! thats so bad for your skin.. the sun is a lot stronger in mexico... it can turn any skin red. still beautiful tho
funerals are so hard, especially when its someone so close to you like your dad, i only got to spend 15 years with him. i cant do this
wet hair no hair dryer ... dry fucker, dry!!!
fail fail fail today. abc starts again on monday. can i call this week practise? im so fat and i have no scales.
its raining in barcelona. why oh why!!!!!! is it raining in barcelona?
met the hottest guy ever today.. was too shy to ask for his number
might be needing this in the very near future
i think its about time i should have some hot apple. i havent had any in a long time.
i feel like a douchebag. now i miss on the chance to have it altered by wednesday if it was a bit off. which it most likely is.
im too poor to eat in downtown or anywhere near there! lol. sorry i cant help but hope you have a good time in da chi!
so not wanting to work this weekend!
forget that blank post clicked the wrong button
last day of work before i go on holiday... argh... got fuck loads to do
im on page 100 ish. i wanted to read more last night but i forced myself to sleep for today
i never got that page havent downloaded anything from it
i am strongly considering improvising. i missed last year i was so sick.
its such a shame!
bleh...didnt wake up on time to leave work early for the chiropractor
what footwear is responsible? converse all stars shred my poor feet
our duck and chicken are taking wayyy too long to hatch
i wish i was the fake president
yawn, the weather is going to be boring all week
got home after 10 in the end, back in for a 9am start aswell
iya dong xd haha . omfg aku nangis baca itu sad and absolutely beautiful lt3
it is my burger place
yes, i often take the risk of running down the dlr steps but today i just missed that last step and twisted my ankle.
ouchies. have a good day .......and goodnight .
arse! and i mean that from the heart of my bottom
you know im just now seeing the replies you sent me in march. i suck. im catching on though! d
sitting at home and im very bored keep hearing really weird noises downstairs. kinda creepy
watching snl, getting ready to try to go to sleep bored
is laying down. my stomach hurts
was offered ï½30 for my old car am going to keep trying see if i can get a bit more.. she has cupcakes on for goodness sake!
i was able to downthemall! before ta was able to delete my account. didnt lose any photos, but i lost almost all comments
spent 1 hour to reach to axis bank only to find out today is holiday for mahavir jayanti contd..
well that made me sad, i sat down to watch tv, and then remembered i dont have cable anymore. lol.
nt long til u gys r on tour wit no doubt! gutted there r no uk dates seen any good movies recently? need something 2 do!
its sat.. my day off. and i dont know what i want to do.. im so board!
back in paris under the rain
ill head
great, i toasted a crumpet and then forgot about it... now its cold
youre following me. my dreams have almost come true. if only i get tickets to the chicago show hope the show went well
my internetz have been broken until now. boo!
hey shaylah como estas ? d how are you haha what did i miss in english these past 3 days? ive been real sick
im lonely keep me company! 22 female, cleveland ohio
two weeks in a row now... sounders lost 20
in work early for team meeting but forgot my lunch
is bored and has to get ready for work
terribly disappointed to be home sick on a saturday night. no fun for me. and probably no sleep for me either
im sorry for your loss
so many channels.... yet so so boring... lazy day again may have to find a hobby
my upstairs neighbors kids are so loud. its lile they have bricks as shoes
stuck without a ride taking the bus home from work, without an ipod...
im so unrealisticly gutted that i cant go download this year and see papa roach.
what is going on with ferrari?! i am loving f1 2009.....but.....its still not the same without a certain ms f1
1st call to 3uk about mobblerlast.fm problem, is being investigated and they will get back to me in 48hrs
up and ready to workout but trainer called and sai we will meet tonight. thought i had a day off. i was wrong
just got back from a rather disappointing ufc main event
cant sleep !!! boooo hooo ...................... i miss my boo !
there was a party i was supposed to go to this afternoon. i wish i wouldnt have ruined my day by not sleeping last night.
sometimes my phone deletes all my messages before i can even read them.
i heard them making announcements trying to find them. the mother looked so worried.
gaaa i want some peace and quiet! hard to find wen living with 6 people living in a small 3 bedroom unit!
i want to go on holiday
car show season has started without me
guh, my ear hurts, my throat hurts, its hot, and i missed part of the new snl. darn it.
i said hello to you i am crying...
i have to be out of my place in 3 days...any help i can get packingpaintingcleaning is much appreciated. oh. and rip my wall
ew not meatloaf. go with pie..wow you said that like, 2 hours ago. omg as soon as i logged off you got on. typical
yes but it happens everytime you listen to ftsk and i listen to ftsk and dont want that to happen to kitts! !
i wish i did tooo. my sister went! and brought me home a cup hahaha.
i wish i had money for that woot. i will end up paying full price later.
gets new phone hopefully tomorrow, but mail doesnt come on sunday. so hopefully monday fer sure!
still dont feel good, my throat hurts
i saw a girl on the blog thumbnails, went in, and she was wayyyy cp... i feel dirty. i need a shower.
wants someone to come back
wanted to be there! come to the netherlands soon.
not impressed with the fact it is snowing april 7th
taling the train in sigh
its a baby ducky!! cute until it diddles in your hand
i have them all, play on the wii now. did you get the wiispeak? i havent logged in for awhile, i probably have roaches
so the weather officially got worse it is now snowing here
sorry 2 hear that perk up buttercup!
huh?? like what?? i didnt know?
my brain is hurting well, thats what 5 hours of english coursework does to you
lol chrisette i wish i was at the club but i am at work
yah, thats the problem i cant remember the theme name.
omg that sounds amazing! i live all the way in bangkok so i dont get the chance to see shows like these enjoy!
still a bit under the weather hope that i get well soon
i hope cal day amp picnic day day are not scheduled on the same day next year...that was bummer. i wanted to go to both
four games this fall modern warfare 2, halo 3 odst, brutal legend, and bioshock 2 i need more cash
my hdd dvd died picked up the new topfield tf71000hdpvrt with the wifes permission of course
watching the harry kalas tribute on phillies.com miss you harry
oh gee insomnia sucks have you tried melatonin?
its snowing in some parts of atl, but not where i am.
is st marys
libtorrent.... why cant you just work and be nice and small at the same time?
slept in the same bed as my 4 year old brother. it was a rough night. i think he beat me up in my sleep cause my back hurts now
hahah aww.. it is scarier than a templates fire where is my beer you promised ages ago!?!
macbook air has arrived have to wait till 4 till father retturns
a but from what youve said, im not surprised.
so tired of being unemployed. last few jobs were so varied in what they wanted...i had experience in all but 1 area, choose someone else
was wondering where youd been? youve been so quiet these days. miss the chatty dave
nobuuuuuuu!!! you evil evil girl
is boarding ek348 as usual, no upgrade from ek colombo
im fucking blubbering watching fob, somehting is wrong with me ahlkjdfhalkjsd h sorry twit rape.
workin the election, driving round checking on judges and eqip... sick. so much more fun when healthy.
i dont want to go to work!
bored on a sat nite
im probably worse than you lol so sorry, these photos are seriously long overdue last time i buy a sony cam rubbish!
it was fucking cancelled arrrgggghhhhhhhh not happy !!
ohh!! ive been there old spaghetti factory!! cept its been about 20 years...
doh. wishing i had a kitty cat to play with and pet and love.
not appreciating the rain outside
i think the wifi on my iphone is broken. it will quotconnectquot, but when i actually have to use it thats another story...
how did i lose 4 followers in less than 24 hours? im back down to single digits again. that kinda bums me out
train rammed, fellow commuters vile . special derision reserved for the man who appeared out of nowhere to claim his seat. luggage rack
instantly regret eating mini pizza. wish i had time this morning to pack lunch run 1mil miles later?
yiew.... i am feeling overloaded. and it is only sunday morning.
what format are the templates? i dont have any adobe software
shit... i need to go keep in touch mates! i hope to not to lose tydis mix asot400
oh wow i just saw ur msg as well. im not the best twittering
forensic files will blow ur mind. a reality that anyone can be a killer. sad but true.
happy birthday to one of my dear friends aicyd!!! sorry i couldnt make it tonight hope you had fun!!
theyre only doing 2 shows in sydney ive gotta bail on work to get to one on them, but wouldnt miss it for the world
i didnt
ugh. i look like a mental patient. now my grandma is gonna find out that im in the play
no ride to practice yet. fml
wtf ferrari ... when will u stop making such a fuss ... nowhere to 3 and then down to retire from there
i wish i was in houston.
is supposed to be at coachella right now 420 fest tonight though.
just woke up, so too late to go to church. wouldnt it be nice to have a job that didnt require me to work weekends?
craaaaap. my macbook pro is kernel panicking a lot now. i think im going to be forced into an upgrade sooner than this summer
wishing i had a follower.
hahaha i cant help it
why did today suck?
meh, i expected so much more. i guess that was my first mistake
im lonely keep me company! 22 female, louisville kentucky
why wont my macinternet let me attachupload files?
wanted to get out for a sunrise shoot, but i couldnt get to sleep last night, so i axed it.
woke up with a stomachache hopefully it goes away soon!
has tonsilitis on my birthday
has woken up late and wasted some of the day!
i hate tuesdays
it doesnt matter. no one did it. starbucks grande vanilla latte was my bff today.
im at home, about to go to bed. my social life is going down hill
aww i gota do homework
gossip girl season 2 episode 21 on tuesday. gosh, cant waiiiitttt!!! i really miss chair.
aw thats no good. dallas is a thumbsup though. i used to live in austin. i miss it so badly.
brat! you have to rub it in, dont you.... i want a mocha
1 hour of work to go and then what to do?
omfg, im so friggin bored, why cant i jus have something to do!!!!!!!
jealous of my friends who got to see the new star trek film in austin tonight.
food is not coming oh well, i tried. might hit honey kettle chicken, heard it was aight.
i wish i was there, too.
oh no
has a very light cold is hoping it will go away soon but is worried it will instead become a very heavy cold.
awake now sleep bad when u have overcooked yourself!
cracked my iphones screen
yikes! now i have no clues what to do!
but im home safe now dangerously twittering with a bogged mind spellings r okaaay soo far
when i was in school i thought id be a millionaire at 20 and retire at 21 look at me today p
schools in less than 24 hours
i miss my bff
on my way home from terra haute p im so sore
i can already tell today is gonna be a bad day.
boo no work. in unrelated news can you get your highlypaid roommate to contact me? i sent an email last week, no response.
im sorry... if i didnt have to pay 450 for rent i would be going lameeeeee
...profile page and hit quotolderquot till you reach the two tfe events... and paste each characters arc seperately. or give up
is it just me or has the centrebit dramatically reduced in jaffa cakes?
still in the studio....tears
i just woke up and my leg is dead
i wish doing my hair wasnt a 2 12 hour long endeavor
misses lizzi and has to pack gtsadlt
on my way to chicago finally connecting through london now and will be home for 5 measely days and then back out again...
so very very sick.... hope me gets better!
ha what a good idea, methinks i need to do some proper exercise and stop eating so many sweets, no more dipdab saturday
woke up and its raining in houston...
dont any of my friends want to go snowboarding lately? oh wait, theyre all out west now. wish i had snowboard friends in rochester
its raining...
hungry dreaming of yumyums..
yawn morning all. i had a real rough night.
very tired this morning no idea why! great start to the day
would have liked to have gotten more sleep last night!
stopping ulduar progression for a while with only 3 bosses down. i guess ignis needs 3 tanks, and we only have 2 geared ones who show up
same it has been drizzling all day if u are going to rain might as well pour.
432 views and no takers...
i cant go back to sleep. my buddy spots will soon be no more
dropped her laptop off the bed. i fail. goodnight.
that is balls
wheres the x1 guys?? surely worthy of a mention
just woke up, late, again! i was supposed to wake up at 6am cause there are lots of things to do... late homework mostly.
i am feeling sick
poor brandon, i guess the makers of your energy drink decided who ever drinks this will go crazy at 130
yeahhh this is weekend but i spend my time to study in anderson library..
update montaaaaaaage. everything i hoped for, really. no brooklyn ghost investigations or st. patricks day, though!
at my brothers grave..
home all alone what to do, what to doooooo. someone come play
im so glad i wasnt tricked into planting flowers last week! supposed to be another frost adv tonight
would, if i was out that way! the update in which i was referring to though, quoti was looking at my wall most of the day, thinkingquot.
a long flight is made even longer by a seat that wont recline. off the red eye and grumpy
me too. i want someone to warm my bed with. i travel so much though.
you have to see this! i miss vids
no i was way to tired
bashpodder isnt working because wget is choking trying to download rss from feedburner.com. its apparently blocked in china.
hrm. the closest i can find to quotwicked voodooquot is quotcrimson voodoo,quot made by a nobased brewrey now offline. confirm?
i forgot my phone at home
thank you for a wonderful show. i loved the new song! im sad you didnt wear my hat
for now, i just want to spend some sweet quality time with danny. even if it is through internetphone only.
heading to altrincham, again! out of hours install
its official! im going to have an educational summer. owh god. bless me
i have work to do i will be back l8r i hope
thanks, you toolt3
i will have to rent this movie sometime. my internet keeps cutting out, which also gives me the t.v
totally narked with my recent barber experience. far too short for comfort he was bald maybe he hated my flowing locks? sigh grr
me too..
is warning you, if a physio tells you they want to do soft tissue manipulation this, in fact, means they want to kill you and be evil!!
yeh totally dig firebug but enuff is enuff, gonna start using safari4charles ditch ff and see how debugging goes, too many ff crashes
great! i got my first tattoo yesterday, so my neck is really sore!!
last night pa. dude, go on meebo. i cant just keep updating here to chat with you!
although half the wins are against wsh.
cant wait for his ftth nbn connection ... when all he can get upstream to s is 8 kbps
spurs lost ...manu come back!!!
why does it have to be cold? why do i have to be awake?? oh well good morning all
one thing i hate about dozing off in lects, i wake up to a sheaf of wet and badly smudged notes.
haha yeah,
trying to decipher my german friends message. the sad part is i can only speak english.
bedtime, school tomorrow, and i still have no books being broke suckssss
cant sleep once again. i need to cuddle
what if your egg hatches and no its not a squirtle with flamethrower but a goddamned weepinbell with wrap and sleep powder reaaal useful
does neone know what is the exact procedure of getting a ds 2019 issued ..and whether it costs for a summer intern ?
nearly killed a kid on a bike pulling out of my driveway this morning. thank goodness hes ok. car is scratched tho
haha dont spoil the fight ok ill remove your device updates!
praying to get that call back. unemployed and broke is that worst feeling ever
i wont b able to do anything for contest todaynight. tu bzy, in car ryt nw 2.
flu shot.. ouch
s msn is not working! s
how hard is it to possibly have to give up a pet or two if you have to move?
my drivin teacher says i should drive faster dat seems scary drivin like 70mph
good luck with ur concert in sd! wish i could be there but i live all the way in buffalo i know ull do great tho! duh.
is super duper sad i cant go with vanny and michelle to the mall
i know coveritlive mobile works on an iphone. but apparently i dont have one of those txdla09
its almost over.
stayed up playing wow all night.
haha, sorreh. i tries 2 spek normalz now k?
sick as shit. i really want to drink some water.
ive got a blackberry by tmobile, when i click to verify my acct it gives me a error message
she is, isnt she? lol. zoï½ is great! we are missing each other right now, cuz im out of town hows everything with you?
its only two but i cant ignore the stingy feeling of the blood. the reminder makes me feel even worse
good night. tomorrow.. more party planning. sidebareveryone is pregnant. i kinda miss it
having a nurse come today to give me supplies for cemo at home this cancer thing really just blows.
mrsshedfire been taking pictures of you without your shirt? bleeeech!
i give up too! the worst day in a while! fuck the military. best part of today was finding out hawkeye has a butthole chin.
well yes, shame that you can only get the plastic one for the first generation.
is in for the night. what a lame friday..
i used to love to bowl, but my hands cant take it anymore
planting a friend today. not been to a funeral in gt20 years.
i tried to test my wpm but it wouldnt let me without installing the application
dont leave your car unattended in carrick wankers will break your wing mirrors. sigh more car repairs
youd get more taking it to the breakers
missin steve wishin he didnt go back over seas
its 523 and ive been sitting around barely watching im not there. i really wanted to see that movie, but i keep getting distracted.
april 1, i registered my blog for beda. however, it has not registered on your list how can i fix it?
wordpress is being a bitchass bitch! otherwise thered be a new silence remix up
hmmm thats a good question! ill tweet you when i do! i wish i could go on now! x
hopefully im not late to field trip... womp womp
hating this weather... had to brng back out my winter gear
lol im srry well not yet at least every1 get sprung n they life once
woke up at 6am far too early...more coffee then
you talking about my picture? thats mean dude you just ruined my day.
off to bed, work tomorrow of course but im glad i got to see erynn today!!
birthday soons
is mouring the loss of the game... i really liked that show
ooops.. i had a bug but i fixed it.. try that tiny url again..
listening to the fa cup semi final between arsenal and chelsea as i dont have sky neutral fan but siding towards the gooners
congested nose
i have a stuffy nose
i wish i had sun its raining where i am
yay, migraine to round of berlin
nawww love dont be like that
i was asleep by the time you sent that message.
im grounded
ikr?? _ i think theyre in japan right now, not the us
rented 4 movies, gotz popcorn...now have to work then watch them later
i dont feel good today.
still no word from on my idiotictwitterapps idea for genius
packing up all her stuff to leave california and go back home in the morning
it was really easy to park but now we are stuck hopelessly in one lane pile up. it hasnt shown any signs of movement for 20 minutes
miss hubby i sometimes hate post production... lol
haha i already did im such a bad student.
yeah i know same here,just cant it to do what i need
on belgian cable i have cnn or euronews to choose from! rubbish either way. oh, when the cable even works. grrrhhh.
i wish you dudes were coming to austin, tx on this tour. hearts my little heart.
just made an adjustable camera hand strap from my old camelbak strap! ftw! i lack smart sewing skillz tho fb
instead of giving to charity, give to individuals in need. charities have too much overhead,it just goes 2 salaries.
man america is so .. borez anyway lol i just realized you sent me msgs on here. i had no idea. i have no flash
one triop down... one to go
pinkberry with sara, wallowing in our self pitty.
i burnt the tips off my fingers being a fatty this morning
alone at the office
a walk to remember so sad but so beautiful
im in one of those days when i really just want to work from home. crap.
i burnt my tongue on miso soup today
im all snuffly and then hot and cold, tired and bunged up. woe is me
hehe yeah i failed tho wasnt prepared at all ducked it up only did a mile s how are you i need to text you more i thinks xx
i did go to sleep. my eyes were heavy.
i wish i had seen them in sf. i had the show on the same night
sleepy.. i guess ill go to bed now.. log day of shopping! with no shopping for me im saving money.. trying to..
nope. bad as ever.
just jammed my finger in the door
ha yeap! well im gonna try. and why cant you go again? you made it seem like you were gonna go last night
my mom planning to have a trip tomorrow, so where am i? k.k.n
kitty came back. with a mouse...
except i missed last weeks s.lee and now its gone from iplayer
off to work now and last day of the easter holidays so back to college aswell tommorow
she is beeeautiful
awesome view! i miss chitown. say hello for me!
missed you hehe glad youre home stephen!
i miss my sister. whyd she have to move to stinkin alaska?
im so sorry!!! which dog? im sorry robby and amber amp kids. im sad for you guys.
shame he died uh, obviously. but you know what i mean!
you know im broke! how high maintenance would i be to spend my nonmoney on nails im sure yr sick of the same excuse but broke
argh cant stop yawning
has just realised he works with a bunch of racists.
lmao, yeah they are. i need to go to bed too. i gotta be up in 5 hrs
drunk. in brisbane. unfortunately going home tomorrow
its a horrible day! theres no sunshine!
listening to britney and cleaning the house! i have a ton of shoes to get rid of, havent even worn half of them
dunno..ive emailed their website aampr, sent a tweet, but no replies.theyve probably got bored of fanremixers bugging them
jury duty boooo
alexandra is ma younger sis an da 3 way call ended cuz it got cut off
no more early morning flights... sooo tired
driving to schiphol. apperantly i am not the only one. stuck around aalsmeer
working but looking 4ward 2 thailand and this weeks bank holiday weekend!
my head is hurting, my throat is sore, i cant hear the day26 leak, the day26 album on amazon is fucing expensive, i have homework
another morning at .net towers.. still on deadline
uh, blame global warming for that ?
melbourne won by 8 points
simba is already missing sally amp zac
kutnerrrr! why??? why?????? and to think that 13 is still on the show?? ugh. kutnerkal penn youve been the bright star in ho ...
the only reason why i bough 3 bundle was espresso. this is, however, the only app. i havent received a license key yet
the rain is keeping me from riding bandit it feel like someone cancelled christmas.
i wish i could. i have to keep my door open for other people that may need me.
no power downtown! hope its not another blackout
the jury duty postcard i was too, but i couldnt fly to calgary for it.
starting to fall asleep..... dont know if i can make it readathon
did a missionary make you mad?
she looked cute when shawn first met her at the coffee shop but now im on the wedding ep and shes just so drab
i wish the rain would stop...its so ugly here in houston right now
bummer, hope your ok!
rough day
sry i have neglected twitter i feel bad! works been crazy but im on now
thank you. since i can only use the url once, i wont be able to add individual items
noooooo dont make me cry
is going with her father to the emergency room.
mo jobs, no money. how in the hell is min wage here 4 fn clams an hour?
off to work horray im tired
i sprained my thumb speed texting l
i still love the movie quotwish upon a starquot with katherine heigl... too bad disney doesnt show it anymore.
doesnt know what to do ...
made it home safe hope my friends do
you have to do it
fooooool i just saw tonight and wish yall could make it to the thurs show too
sorry i missed you brit
i feel ya on that one.
your phone doesnt like it sorry
i think i have tried everything but feel free to try to crack it, i am at a loss
is wishing he was at coachella
going to vegas for the 1st time and learned barry is not playing june 69..awe that is so disappointing.. awe
my throat is killing me
i think this is a song, but if not, im sorry hope you feel better lol
i miss u too. im totally comin back tho! lastnight was sooooooo much fun!
no southpark for me
is it the weekend yet??? no??? bugger! hope it gets here soon lol
does anybody know how to get your electrolytes back in order? with a vitamin work? i feel sick.
my shoulders hurt..... it was cold and cloudy this morning
listening to the last shallow thought good one ohhh and now listening to the feedback show...
im stuck awake in the middle of the night for the second day in a row. and i felt terrible yesterday.
hanging with the hubby and my babygirl just watched the blazer game.. so sad
a
jennatar oh my god internet explorer 6 and 7 i just dont understand you guys jenn frank
got damnit! whos smart idea was it to wait until the last fuckin 24 hours to do 5 term papers??? oh wait.... thatd be me!
well! its about darn time, dallas! welcome to my twitter. i have more disciples than jesus had! course, i lost one today i see...
its a beautiful day to do it! im dreading the cat make up
couldnt come to mimos party had to finish projects
on the other hand, my sisters health is poo and im going into hypernurseandoldersister overdrive. feel so bad for her.
hard to watch the italian earthquake stuff, so many old buildings gone,hope these aftershocks stop soon
briannn dont delete your twitterrrr noooooo
to be fixed .. i use my sisters computer , whice is the stupidest computer ever ..
that song isnt there,
feeling sick again.
ooo dr who is on in hd...... ok ok im officially a sad techy geek
living in a jungle,cant find the original ?
still off my feet...may have a hernia...more tests scheduled...would rather be designing new dolls and patterns
i agree with everyone but 1!!!!!!sorry
good morning tweeps im running a bit late
will not be decoder ring tonight. but i get to hang out with noah tonight so its not a total fail.
is still revising. when will this hell on earth end? ok, wait. not that bad but still! other sixth formers will know exactly what i mean!
starting flight itinerary, car rental, hotel arrangements
good for you! i think ill live the rest of my life driving a mini van
my first timtam in over a year has gone down verrrrry well. i miss australia
hes not paying me any attn
thinks that there are kittens in our shed we dont even have a kitty!
denied on the lawnmowing for today
no, im old. you made it to 1045! whereas i usually only last til 10
at work w a headache thats sitting behind my eyes so looking at this computer screen isnt helping anygtgtgt
i keep seeing moose crossing signs but no moose i wanna see a moose!
i meant to get into bed by 1030 or 11...getting up to hike at 7am i dont get to sleep in until...next weds?
i miss my friends whyyyy cant we all live closer to one another?
my grandad used to keep ferrets for catching rabbits... horrible stinking things they were too
wanted to go out but afraid of giant black clouds above the house...
is so annoying. our makeshift defence behaved like makeshift. i h8 injuries! if we had a defense, i think wed have won
excellent!!! missed you saturday night
im sooo friggin borreeeed
my life is going exactly the way i want to minus the fact that i leave in a week
and hating that watching house will kill me! i cant wait for this next episode and at the same time.. i dont want to see it
the 2g cases were like that. but scratches dont void your warrenty, dents do... as i found out
waiting for my cisco ip phone to load
beach hockey shoot was postponed nice day anyway!
she says hi, and she says i need to get off of here now lol.
yeah somewhere along the way kelly got it in her head that she sucks, and now she actually does.
not his real name is sick for his wedding . trying to come up with bachelor party plans that include a sick groom.
aww porr mr sock he just wants a shower get my invite? hope u can come along xx
hungry!
come on why is nobody replying to me?! whats wrong with you people we used to be so close?
i have to still read eclipse as well! dont watch twilight the movie though if you want to keep liking the books. movies bad
looks like we are back to wintery weather in ny tomorrow. temperatures drop and rain for our last two days in ny.
watchin the game... then ill prob just do this video dolo wit no cameos lol i need new females on da squad!!!! mine aint bout shit!!!
we are sitting in traffic...hope att these people aint going to the same party as me i hate an over crowded event
im so so sorry. thats a shame.
wow. the most depressing thing in the world is losing a video that youve created in a matter of seconds. fml
the house is one big mess. everything is crammed in my bedroom while they do up the other rooms
well miss you toooooooo xoxo
missing my girls in dallas
working, working, working.
actually the whole site has finally been taken over by those damn russians
awe it always sucks when you cant sleep in your own bed hope your dad gets better he is in my prayers .
meany face i thought u loved me
hates that buses dont run on sundays
hope it wasnt a bee!!
power is out
watching slumdog millionaire omg it breaks my heart to see these kids in those conditions im sad, horrified, amp cant bear to watch
i dont really know what im going to do about getting the rest of my stuff out of the house...
i just finished sharis birthday present !! since today morning i have headache i think i should drink more......
i find im using the stroke nib as my main one on the intuos4. better feel... and the black nibs seem to be made of butter now.
morning all, starving and dying for a cuppa but cant cos off to docs for fasting blood test in a little while
i was very touched by his prayer.obama needs the lord.if you have jesus in your heart,you dont have his initials covered up.
does not want to be awake right now but i have math class
night! im getting home now...
being sunburned sucks, i got blisters not long ago from a tanning bed, it was very painful, learnt my lesson
i love you please dont leave
no word yet still praying.
picked mich st to win it all from the get go. was feeling pretty good about that pick all the way up until......tonight. as lost too
youre going to kill me, but ive not seen ds9. ive been waiting till i can do it in one solid week sitting.
not looking like it no...
do it!! dont be grumpy though, that makes the internet a sad panda
trying to catch up on my shows online but i am apprently already caught up! that sucks what now?
a late night creep twitter session is when ur sneaking ur twits frm someone who is near because u dont want em thinkin ur addicted 2 it
not much achieved, time to rethink plans for day neck pain not helping matters.
tried to make md crabcakes last night from canned dios mio!! crabmeat..a sad affair. maybe they can fed ex crab from balmer?
race was good! ran better than last time. didnt see or , though.
setting up a new vmware image for .net dev. 2 hours later im on my 4th windows restart and still havent got everything installed yet
a good nights sleep helped me recover from a very fun day yesterday. today i take l and her stuff back to plymouth for the summer term
thats so sad for the goats. waahahahahah!
i wanna sleep but dont think its gonna happen so soon with all the loudness of relay
yup, thats me. no good pubs up here though
what a lousy day ... buh...
now im watching ashton kutchers movie with bernie mac. so funny. rip bernie
forgot to pay parking fees due today. i hope i can get out of parking, if not, ill be stuck here till tom morning
murray has lost the first set to nadal.
i really wish i was 100 better so i could be 100 awesome at work.
yeah d ahahha. its gross
my parents got upgraded to a penthouse at their vegas hotel. how come i never get any free hotel upgrades at checkin?
omg chuck got beat im so sad for him hes a good guy but time to retire!!!! xo
i need twitter lessons
wired off of redbull doing hw what you doin?
please dont do that, ill be good..... honest
ï½ber sick trying to muster up the strength to head into work....
the prodigy are playing too xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
mary decided to trade in her ring
hugs innaface instead man, i need some minerals. im running at 105f.
is as work!
im missing the first one in nyc...
why did i have to miss all the snow in denver? i wanna play in the snow.
i need get my beach bod back
damn tha last message didnt work
that sounds almost as good as nandos related nandos have increased prices again
is taking care of his sick mother today.
woke up to the sounds of a tree being cut down poor tree
confused
i want the new gg episode already
just about to leave. have a good saturday night guys, ill be studying all day tomorrow
worst day ever!!! my legs hurt. i shouldve work those insoles when i was a kidd. now its too late and i have penguin feet
i missed my first class too. well... im going to. lol i have too much stuff to do. im really scard about my grades for this
stopped at the mcdonalds eastland for lunch then back on the road for another 3 hours
it wasnt bk down again now
rock band is hard..on expert!!!
listening to nathan cry....
i didnt see you saturday
has a sick child...should be a great weekend
got the brainbone daily question wrong!
its lashing down here.
is awake now....had a very restless sleep
loaded with class tests
oh how i love being at home on a sat. night!
just went home, my team lost the match with two points i really miss playing with them!!
im lonely keep me company! 22 female, new orleans louisiana
ugghhh my throat burns
cant upload a picture stupid thing!
apparently not living in tridelt next year.
asher roth has a good voice. and i just sneezed hella hard.
its saturday, the wind is blowing... i guess no walk by the river
another early morn with the duchess, although she hadnt managed to cross her legs this time
it didnt snow at my house
is suffering from severe insomnia.. and really doesnt want to go back to manchester tomorro xx
it is snowing
the indians scored 13 runs in 1 inning
im ready for the weekend already. its only monday.
oh no! how embarassing .
yes, unfortunately the date clashed with an important and long standing family party, got to do it on my own
put vacation photos online a few yrs ago. pc crashed, and now i forget the name of the site.
oh no... i havent watched any of the current season yet because i was afraid it would start to suck
wow. everyone has abandoned twitter
pssht! i miss u! u dont respond to me
woke up cold but smiling today is going to be a grand day!
cheers, regular sunday gig, accounting doesnt stop on any day of the week! always pennies to count
playing with jes deinterlacer to slow down some video. wish i could shoot hd clips.
why is snl not new? and this ring i bought today is turning my finger green. and now i have 2 prom dresses and cant return either.
alone on a friday night
my lola is at the vet getting fixed i miss my lolohs! and now mommys surgery got delayed til the 29th?? ugh! ill be gone by then!!
i want the sims 3
yeah! i know! it was horrible!!!! ugh. saddening.
thanks for the tip! no ff for us this weekend.
im goodyeah it looks pretty quiet on the twitterfrontno nkotb luv today huh? lol, how u doing?
heading home.
dad was admitted to hospital yesterday, so want to fly to cape town to visit... r1900 for monday return ticket on kulula
its not raining here
thanks man. im so very grateful. i feel unworthy of such attention, though, because im in this because of myself...
beaucoup de tiredeness
watching come dine with me in the sanctity of my room am back at uni though whoo english term though!
seeking employment widening the net to similar fields, or less experienced fields as my main fields of expertise are lacking positions
oh gosh no. i dont even have a dog im getting ready to go get some fresh air in newport beach
my cousins cant stop playing frozen bubble twisted amp resco bubble. bye bye n85, see you after a week or two
typos aside, i actually watch the uk version of masterchef religiously. the australian version looks very ott, tbh omg.
work work work. need i say more?
youre absolutely right
missed u today..no words of inspiration or deep questions ...hope to hear more from u 2morrow
the mighty tap are doing a onedate world tour but i will have a newborn
pissed off and hungry with no where to go and nothing to eat!
no gym yesteday!!!! they have a all new gym so i need a new induction good news is its booked for wednesday woot!!!
moms brains are fried, not juicy. thats what she says when shes in front of teh compy too much. my brains are fried!
it is fun to email my japanese friends! i wish they have a twitter
just dawned on me that kurt cobain died fifteen years almost to the day. he was found on the 8th, so ive not completely missed it.
awww man thx for the invite
lt3 it seems i cant receive or send txt to the us
oh gosh. why does my sch timetable suck?
i wanna go back home and go to bed. lol whatcha workin out today?
ageed but tarnished slightly with the sequels
i.m terrified of bees and i cant get my work done cuz there over there
why is my icet not cold
ouch my toenail... aaaaaaaa
listening to mariah carey we belong together
hope its nothing serious with your mom.
i applied to go on that but my dad wouldnt drive me to manchester for the auditions
but i like reading the bullshit!
looking at the clock good god therere still 47 more minutes till i can go home...
feeling lost, naked and confused jk, sort of.....no iphone for me.
p90x day 3 arms and shoulders done...weeeeeeee...tonite yoga x?
having a hard time concentrating my cat some how got out amp has been missing for a day. he is literally a scaredy cat plus its so cold.
is sipping her vanilla cream with mint frappï½ while resting her legs. its too hot here in greenhills!
have fun, want to hear it too enjoy your show tonight love from brussels
dragging myself to work.
just found out my car isnt going to be cheap to fix...
wish theyd stop laying people off. my 95 is becoming a 610.
i wish i could afford to get my wisdom teeth out..they are killing me this week.
i cried when i heard the girl from tracy was found today. it was soooo sad may god bless sandra cantu.
kuhawk5 ooops.. i had a bug but i fixed it.. try that tiny url again..
balamurugan, a longterm member of the team is leaving this month. well miss working with him hope he does well in his next venture
my stomach hurts bed now.
wishes she got mangos to make a smoothie
we check out at 11, so i wont be able to see it live
its really cold backstage tonight. wtf?!?
is about to leave tx. back to the real world! ugh
omg the hills! then i love money2, aww i think becky buckwild goes
ï½i, bï½c h?i tho?i th? lï½ giï½ t? cu?c ??i r?i mï½nh v?n cï½n nh? cï½i nhï½ t?p th? bï½ tï½ c?a bï½c ï½ ? ch? tr?i
hey its mel you didnt answer
hurting pretty bad today.
i hate global warming and i hate snow. its april ffs.
rain is soothing... but why is the weather so beautiful on work days and so damp on weekends
drove jake for probably the last time ever. it felt alien to me already. meanwhile it was all top down with max today. fun!
thanks, its also about to rain i am hibernating.... lol
what do u do when u find out that the person u supported and stood behind since day 1 tells u that in the past they tried to blow u off.
ugh, fixed my iphone syncing issue, just two days ago, now its back again. not happy.
carol! a gun was held to my head as i booked my flight. ciara made me do it. i didnt have a choie lol
have giant headache
i wish i was in coachella ..maybe next year
wishes she lived in america....i dont belong here
enjoying my last day of holidays... even though i have a cold
ilove ou demi you are great
how come i havent seen you
wants rock band 1 but hes 10 short.
thursday cant come soon enough.. i miss joshua
conceding that it is likely the pistons will be out in round 1 for the first time in a loooonnnnngggg time
i dived many times for the ball. managed to save 50 the rest go out of bounds
lost my creativity bug started a great essay and a letter to the bf while sipping on wine
nope. im not waiting. im going to go live my life. haha
what makes iago evil? some people ask. i never ask.
just got in ...hungoverrrr
shooting!?!! be careful, luisa
im soooo mad im not going tonight yall are like my fav band but i thought i had to work and i dont
my gmail is down... oooooooooooohhhhhhhhh
aw ok goonite....
misses my bby mikey
cold, tired, stressed, annoyed, irritated, getting sick... ugh, i hate life!! cant wait till the weekend, i get to see people again...
zen sushi for lunch today...looks like its raining outside
why no hi to me
getting in touch with my inner white trash and watching lots of king of the hill when i should be learning lines!
another day!!! same as the days gone!!!! same as the days to come!!!
hey victoria levin it alexi reply me bck and follow me plz ps it real alexi!
i am not excited about what tomorrow will bring. staff meeting at 9 and i am still wide awake... already sounds like a good time...
thats a scam and im in your neighborhood with my mom so i cant stop
sad about what happened to madonna, paps who caused it should take the fall. so insensitive.
on my way to airport, saying bye to the kids was soooo hard
its april! stop snowing!!!
i wish i knew people here so someone could bring me soup and meds ill just sleep it off
at work tiiiiiiiiired in oshkosh, wi
yet another designer gives me webpage designs in psd photoshop format.
need some coffee. cant go to starbucks until the shower is over.
i know! i know!
lol, yeah im good. i just gotta unplug it and use the other one until i can hustle up 79 bucks for a new one
hates the waiting game. she hates uncertainties too.
had a horrible night got a flat tire, made me miss a deadline
really needs a companion to go to the paper airplanes show tonight, please?
i know, highlight of my tuesday breaks from revisingessaying is oth
id love to hire you again too, it was tons of fun last time. i dont do the budget tho. or the hiring
actually i had 503 maybe i should put my web cam on
thanks!! i did make an aj vid... but, youtube took it down because of the song... copyright...
last day of vacation... need vacations!!!! again
i created a folder called to be sorted for random files that needs to be sorted. now ive got 146 files in the folder. fail
not liking being back at work this morning
loads of coursework to do
im having violent feelings towards a bird outside my window, it wont shut up! i only want to sleep! x
oh no! free car park i always use is now pay amp display. but i have no change
poor you, i once asked for pale pink streaks came out like ronald macdonald wore hat for weeks, horrible experience
aww thats beautiful in a sad way but true...
my ac adapter has a short, my computer wont hold a charge, and my battery is craptastic. i ordered a new one but it isnt here yet...
banging headache....again grrrr
i feel so sorry for the women that lost her husband to those disgusting thugs! hearing her story made me cry
is absolutely sick of riding the bus, sick of school and sick of living so far from the church. what an attitude!!!
im sooo sad right now i need a hug
wow great day sun sun sun but have to work now
im watching tv!!! that must sound like a lot of fun boohoo its raining
yea manaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaam marwan accent lol
miss fla. already
dotnetnuke.com is down server error in application.
need advice
oh yeah... i thought you were talkin about fightstar cos they are. they arnt playin anything good
you were sleepy though!
just a silly wee illness. it has self resolved. im back to work on monday anyway time foe the daily update.
caved in.
lol...u know its true!! so hows the preparation for tonight coming along?? im still bummed i cant make it!! lol
today is a sad day in monterrey
i always set the alarm off. always.
it sucks!
the mall at 10am... not fun
no i wasnt there, really wanted to go though
no dollhouse tonight. im cheering myself up with antm and pretzels with hummus.
i miss bentley
boom i need entertaining. sunny day... on crutches blister on hand me not going anywhere x
thanks for the link allandm not working...laptop on a go slow
revising
yeah, i wasnt expecting that at all i doubt thats the last well hear of it though
dont think we have a costco here, actually, although im not sure. found some nice turkey sausage but they have pork casing.
spring break is over...school amp work are monsters that have taken over my life. seriously!
spencer is not a good guy.
i want jbro to comment me!
someones alarm clock or a phone woke me up at 3am...still got my headache from yesterday night
i go to school in cheney.. nothing exciting..
there is not enough time in a day...
nope. i searched vanilla ice, vanilla, winkle, and rob van winkle, and got nothing...
i was svelte until introduced by nj librarian to cheesecake factory. now cant swim in case am mistaken for twitter fail whale
oh scheisse... ashley simpson is going to be on melrose place? just when i was content with ignoring her existance amp marriage to pete grr
still doin ma cw wats any1 else doin??
are you a big lost fan? i missed it....
i want my money
games have been moved. 3 hour delay. grrr. have to wait till like 130 to play. instead of 1030
can this day be anymore hotter?!
bad day at the betfair office
getting ready to take preston to soccer...its a very gloomy day
i knooow! lol fuuuck whoever decided to stop main em lol. im lookn that picture of the box like damn
ignore the picture! my computer is weird with uploading to twitter so i had to do it at my friends and thats the only picture she had.
single and pregnant, definitely didnt expect this....heartbroken
school whats up with this snow?
oh parky no should jade have been punished for being brought up poor then?
just spilled hot coffee all over myself running down the stairs at tribeca. i would
i feel like someone punched me in the lip!!
want !! but not in the uk store
mann none of my cousins will be there... i dont wanna go now...
heading to bed! have to be at work in 6 hours
ha, i wasnt reading ruined book. still on 2nd book. i think the more i read the slower i get readathon
i dont know how i am getting back to miami. its like no one cares...
wish i was watching crank 2
waiting for the bus. work till 9
they threw away my water bottle annoying on more than one level.
has just finished painting me shelfs thank god the bad thing is that if i not done it right i have to do it all over again
yess the sun is finally out ! noo i gotta go to work
i love chick flicks lt3 and i hate work
there is a tweetie for desktop mac? what about pc?
fuuucck i have over 100 pages to read for a class....aghhh and most of the time i have no clue whats happening when i do read for it.
i have had literally the best easter ever! my brother is going back to uni tomorrow which is not good at all .. i guess i will miss him
dont get me wrong i love the newsleader and momslikeme.com but they lost my w9 and payment information. no check for me yet!
quotblip.fm is undergoing maintenance.quot sorry, no music tweets for now. im shaking already
hmm, i wonder when my friends are gonna get back... im starting to feel lonely
i mean really sick. i just threw up.
google described the optigan as an adult toy and i got excited until i learned that its an organ
waaah up to early for a sunday morning, missed out on eddie vedder tickets for hawaii, and have a sore throat what a whinger!!
ahahahha i saw lol. quoti like my biscutis reallllllly hotttttt!quot lmfao i hate you both, i fucking called him! assholes!
homework
i want my new phone
ugh todays going to be so bad
i saw the trailer for my sisters keeper at 17 again!!! it looks really good but im not really a fan of the cast
so tired
hey ily. lt3 i am missing work parties with alice.
i love charmed and is wondering when i will ever meet any of them
been arround, int acct ii exam tonight
aw the promoters didnt promote it good
14 runs an inning is not going to get it done. curse of new stadium? our yanks almost deserve it. quothouse that george builtquot sigh
i am... if we get tis jaylen thing settled
is michael jackson dying?! is that just a rumor?
new cap and shaken for a long time, sometimes when spraying lots they catch wet bits on the nozzle and spit slightly,its life ha
is sadd cause she just realised brent is right
going for a ride i hate my legs
revising my essay and talking to my hubby on aim
cant find you on ustream iphone app
i am not ignoring you. i could never do that. i love you
i totally feel all paranoid and like the universe was out to fuck with me tonight. nothing went my way...
i got ditched
agreeeed. i would love to twistori, but honestly, im not quite sure how to..
im sorry to hear that.
hey missed ya at the meeting sup mama
dammit, whyd my brother have to take off with my wallet in the car?? i couldnt go to the star party tonight because of that.
yes keep me posted on them. i may even be n fl soon.i aint been to tampa since jan
should have gone for a cinema voucher. we bought him a lego set and it turns out he already has it.
i miss kenny powers
aww dear so sorry to hear that
a cop just shot a pitbull that was attacking a little boy!!! im sobbing!! so sad!!! the boy has blood everywhere
sounds like a great idea! i need to get my horn out and practice. it sits in its case, lonely and jealous of the piano.
i forgot my phone in my car but im too scared to go outside and get it.
yeah talk about opened up a can. in a way i definitely wasnt surprised, but i expected msu to come harder than that
i just had lunch and im ridiculously full i feel like i ate way too much haha
omg neva usin the bathroom on the bus eva again that dangerous ass thing tried 2 kill me! still tryna recover
this is not me wish it was but no waaa
hey, youre not the only one. ive been sulking because my websites are down
girl me too i will just have see yall monday night cuz this rain has everywhere flooded
the morning sun is beautiful... but it is fucking freezing! i need the beach so terribly bad.
haha, im sooo bored.... friends are great arent they? oh i broke my tv...
home sweet home well check the surf now and have a good coffee... but its raining
dammm booo to the friend
getting ill and very fed up with how things have turned out
a ur gunna make me cry! i miss him so much! he has blessed me w so much love and memories...
grew up with werneth low large outside my bedroom window, now i do my running round trafford park
is with the flu...
didnt get shit done today im so screwed
this woman is an utter disgrace should be charged with aggravated wasting of police time, clifford given a caution
i wish that i would have been in texas tonight there is nothing better than a free all time low show
ha no my friend is visiting and he brought his computer
jodie? are you awake? are you hungry? do you need anything? coz im leaving. coz you wont talk to me
is very mad twitter wont let me uplode my pic....
watched smallville 8x18 last nite ep couldve been so much more but yet again the decisions made fail to impress
ive txt you this morning
jealous java programmer gt
yep it does doesnt it...
tired but cant sleep.............
of course now that im at school i feel shitty again. such is my life.
i miss school and my friends
u went to the beach today?! im so jealous
haha! tell me about it!.. i dont get it either x
i work 5 days a week
bored of sims for today still thinking of a name for me and lukes youtube account to post our awesome new vid on ideas people!!
i admit it. it was all my fault. i accidentally pulled the power cord to twitter thinking it was for my laptop
...is that stuff true...i hope not!
im not going to tcr when i go to nyc cuz my dialysis days changed and mark cant switch the tickets back
omg my sister gave me the flu. i hope i get over it fast
i cant wait for summer to come! i had snow on my car this morning
too bad everyday cant be a follow friday...what are we supposed to do on saturdays?
i have a week and a day
sure is! killing me
i just felt silly so why not ask sth silly? lol it seems to be ok now but im sure d flu wud sneak on me. have a headache tho
the man behind me on the train smells so much of booze its giving me a headache
didnt like the sound of quotif and whenquot.....
wish i could get some in mangalore also
im sorry im watching some movie with bily ray cyrus in it.
back to the vet
i wasnt able to get any 7quots
i miss going to school
seriously could you be anymore of a cow if you tried? am trying to be nice and help you out. am sick of being treated like shit. over it
is sad because 17 again was sold out
im not good at it i gotsta learn myself!
ok battery almost dead. need to stop twittering and watching scores.
oh look at all the snow outside, please go away! amp my eyes are about to close i am so tired
its not available here i may have to look for a google image....
toothache is coming back, will be back in the dentist chair on monday!
my tweets arent going through
me too!!!!!
fml! off to the hospital i go.
hahaha dont be like that one time in ny when you got 30 mins of sleep then got sick love you!!
say what??? kal penns leaving house?! noooooo!!! a i totally missed it tonight
i wanna come with them to bohol!!!!
gah, precious boys and their missing of each other already. someone send spencer a jon, please
theres a pretty sweet flea market goin on down the street in some parking lot. just started for the springsummer. i wish i had money.
dont listen to the haters theyre cruel i hope you dont take them to serious
long day, many challenges. im tired and still hungover from getting shitty drunk last night. wish i had my water bottle
im alone in class
my butt hurts.
i spent all of last night waking up every 30 seconds because i was nervous about registration
the end of college road trip always makes me cry. its just so sad!
he is an ass. .. .. .. hm .. did you watch the first episodeee? i freakin missed it
a beautiful morning the sun is shining, the birds are singing, ive just been playing mousetrap with the kids... damn, now work
oh no i lost a follower again gee as soon as i just share and talk they leave. no i dont have an exciting life nor am a celebrity
i cant sleep
off to the dentists now
cant sleep in anymore, ugh
bummer man sorry to hear about the car.
i wish i had been home in time to sleep next to my husband before he went to work for once.
i hit my head earlier n it still hurts
is workin. today is my monday
must stay of etch shop, must stay of etch shop, must stay of etch shop, must stay of etch shop . . . dammit
mums been taken to hospital, they dont know whats wrong, shes been vomiting since yesterday. rushing back to get to the hospital
i want to find a twitterific alternative, but not many sit on the menu bar and leave my dock uncluttered.
it was amazing but fridays i always cut it short cus i gotta get my drunk ass to work so early but tonite its on!!!
yeah, i know, i am! duh. thats so upsetting
following some twitter accounts that report on earthquakes. situation in abruzzo, italy, is not good.180 dead. photos
katie just went home bored now.
in this day and age doctors shouldnt take this long with results
had another amazing night with tyler now off to work .... gotta make coffee for the early birds
i am not well worst timing ever
one of the hardest thing with this schedule, no one i can chat with at the end of my day usually
i really should be sleeping already but just cant seem to get to bed before the sun comes up. progress on sorting out life is slowhard.
you keep deleting my number
i shoukdnt havent taken that deep walk in em heels!!! i twisted my weak ankle again amp now im hustlin behind the bar on a limp
morning folks! la traffic to work listening to mario break up this goes sooo hard 2 me
should be sleeping but working the weekend graveyard shift
can anyone recommend an air filter for cigarette smoke? neighbors smoke heavily amp my sons asthma has gotten worse. needs steroids now
how do you fix lock jaw? this shit is killin me cant even open my mouth...how am i gonna eat??
drink exploded in my bag
is working on sat when who is on
sickkampgrounded. awesome weekend.
feeling ill and sorry for myself
yeah he said it was affecting his personal life
such a nice day out and im stuck at work
urgh! what is wrong with one of my eyes? its stinging and watering!
what happened to your icon? i liked that little green ferocious guy
well that was a fun nights work, now to start the working day
missin the boo
no video no audio nothingggg n nooooooo asot400
well if you like country music, josh turner quot way down southquot no good youtube to share it
awww no fair! i is a big girl but not a big boy! you will be sorry when i bite u on bum! then u see who is big playa
looks like the squirrel is in particularly rare form tday!
havent tweeted in ages my twitterberry doesnt work anymore help!
ditch in another parish. some really sick people in this world.
clearly you can multitask. why cant i?
has got to go into college today in the holidays !
i am also
being mad at myself for agreeing to work tomorrow what is my prob?? i love my sundays off
i so wish i could go!!!
sick of studying, and i totally wish that i would have taken the night off to go dancing!!!
had an awesome day but cant shake this weird feeling
i mean nobody goes on this anymore x
has an ear ache... hoping to get some sleep soon.
tightened up the chain.. new pedal chain... broke the cable stop on the rear brake...
liverpool. dont get me jealous going to london on thursdaiii
is going babysitting! and my neck is in pain!
thanks hun! it sucks..im looking outside wishing i was not here
i just stepped on the kittys tail and she cried!! i feel so terrible
argh!!! iggy pop swift cover add on spotify way to kill the mood
hello twitter land.... i need followers
up and getting ready for work
is sick of the damn snow
ahh. i accidentally bought spicy chicken. not a good idea when thats all your eating.
ahhh jess, i still have to do revisions for thesis and have it bound... till tuesday i cant be lazy.
surely is.... this is the first time i have tried to do this
there arent any quotsean for dictatorquot rooms either i bet its almost as if no one wants me to be dictator
monday is usually a working day?
so i sent my laptop to hp in houston to get fixed...houston is flooded fmlaptop
ugh, just read on cnn that they found the cantu girls body in a pond near their home. how terrible for her family
is seriously freaked out...fuzz!
walker granny w.short shorts awe
i was fine until i had to speak to the nurse, now she has made me doubt myself and my decisions. feel totally and utterly deflated
this day is set to drag. 97 is not my ideal shift.
oh, tell me about it! i was only ever able to get to the house that ruth built once.
bsnl broadband is down for more than 24 hrs now.
didnt make it to dunlays today. now it looks like i may not even make it to elbo. waaahhhhh
way too stressed out
nooooo. hides i kinda... cough forgot.
i will cuddle with u if had no bf
chillin man. i dont like eminems new songs
2morw i get my blasted wisdom teeth pulled! need sleep...cnt stop worryng, i hate needles
starting to worry about the java exam...
if i had the bravery tooo
your show is whack. way worse than whack, its wiggetywhack.
ugh. killme worthy. i am listening to brandon heath though. but i want to be with youuuu.
grrrreat, theres a bug going on at work and its catching up to me
found it.. bloody iplayer tho hate that thing with a passion.
i think im sick
yeah thats a lot of messages xd. i wish i was that famous. no1 loves me xdd
ugggghhhh que maldito hangova...but i had a blast last night...good times good times!!! all good things must come to an end eventually
aw i got mine in a tiny box at barnes and noble! or borders, cant recall which. i think he needs some friends though!
i cant go to sleep... too much to do, too little time long week ahead of me! and ok ill get u hat lol
so i was kicked out from your top friends?
im being selfish for sleep i think.
ohh i didnt yet perhaps i will get it later?
good morning everyone .... rob is trying to pull his foot out of his mouth this morning
i hate starting my weekend with a trip to the chiropractor. im too young to have a bad back.
totattly wasted a saturday getting drunk but the burrito from the great lost bear absorbed all of it sooo going to bed soberish.
im going out of town on wednesday till next week.
too much internet. how it plagues me
is in class once again, but is not feeling well today
shes not coming down until may 4th now
not matter how much time i spend in the sun i dont ever get a tan just get silly freckles.
cleaning the awful fish tank been craving some lemon italian iceeee
just bought sour gummi worms, peach gummi os, and cheeto puffs... and a 44 ounce soda... im such a fat ass had a huge dinner too.
hmph. last day of spring break how many days untill summer?
i jared my little finger real bad again in netbal we lost by heaps to were not that good lol...go bacchus marsh cobras. luv ya xx
sorry tell them mea culpa from me and that i really am sorry.
so is your face
fuck! im an emo
happy to be back in orlando. my head hurts from falling off a horse
of to the hospital for an xray
that suckss i was at the monster truck rally haha n i took robbies cell by accident also lolllll im the worst
im dying of a stuffed up nose ... gotta get to the grocery store for food and afrin that is if i can breath till then
me too but ive accepted that my breathing, throat, and stomach will never be 100 while im in ktm
sad about the car accident. be careful!!
sim i did not see you on tonight! eu vou mandar fotos amanha para vc! boa noite lt3
i am not rocking shop at texas holdem heres to hoping for some good luck or good bluffs!
good morning catie! my husband just left to surfing class. i couldnt go, i am sick at home with the flu and feel very sleepy
im not liking that new itunes pricing at all. i mean, ive seen several songs at 1.29, but not only one at 0.69!
i think im thinking too much ive been laying here, trying to get to sleep, and i cant even though im superrr tired.
gisburn is great, there are some nice little single track. did you try some of the new bits? i havent been in a while
i told you if i caved id end up abusing it... much like i do facebook. its because i dont have any real friends
oh man . . . dont forget to report them lost if you dont find them really quick . . .
didnt get any new shoes. they dont fucking sell them anymore! i just wanted a pair the same as the ones ive got... no converse either!
i stayed up too late. didnt get the design done like i wanted to
i just wish i was with kate and nea. fuck. my eyes are so red i look high.
they fixed it
why cant airfare go down? or, why do i have to live in texas!! i dont know if ill be able to make it to iowa.
btw my iphone is acting funny, dying quickly and freezing and bs. im not admitting anything, just sayin
melanie fails. and i cant find the directions to the hair show i was gonna go to.
no new house episode after all... boo to stoopid slow torrent
not going to the baseball game with dakota today but im watching brandon at 3.
bored..... sad.... no one tweeting...
twitter is over capacity. too many tweets! please wait a moment and try again.
i dont know what to do... i have to find someone to play with me.... anyone playing violin? mozart sonate? any of them .. lol
heating is now on and it smells sooooo bad here now, gloss paint drying
me neither ive been putting it off all weekend.
have fun!! am off to do some cleaning at the bungalow
lol. only 4 more episodes in the season, too...
is having one of those days
aww that is so sweet! i wish i lived in chicago i wanna help!
thanx but i barely had enough to get the one at 140 it just took to long for me to get a login and password set up.
and so the editing of 3000 wedding shots begins
spring time is over
wishing i could be at coachella this weekend and trying to figure out facebook, its a bit confusing.
thats scary
crashed two time while creating new note after my last update... mac
we havent heard from her or sha.
is anybody still awake? if you are, hit me up! im all alone and so bored!! my sisters left me and went to bed
sorry..will not do it again... hehe
oh no my camera is out of juice
tooth fairy doesnt exist here instead they have a little rat called ratoncito perez. think i might have to bypass gtgt
not really sure
is no longer on google
i dont see the big deal with this website
it was super delicious. rachel was super nice and helped us pay for the rest. and im super scared
i heard he stopped singing. its a shameï½ ?
ok wonder why twitpix isnt an option for this new phone i got?! i cant win! ill leave the photos to my cuz i guess...
well everyone. after a super adventurous 2 days luke has gone home let us all morn the loss of a hero. im off to continue playing sims 2.
amp fyi...that suuucckkks! bout the carrrr
but the international font looks ugly. going back to original font. after all, whod tweet in malayalam
do dairy milk white chocolate buttons actually exist? all the ones in london have been eaten
wishes i was on the spring fling tour with dawn amp neecee sigh gknight
has the night off to do school work... there is lots to do.
i miss one of my friends
dammit... i need to stop buying furniture
thanks for bursting my bubble
broken link
lmao im sry lol
going to sleep... hoping to wake up and tommorow will be wednesday instead of tuesday... i really dont want to go to work
has a throat infection and is feeling sorry for herself...
doing some daily quests in wow before the bulls playoff game. i have a feeling this is going to be a long afternoon.
ooh nice! but williams sonoma already got to me.
its record store day!!! too bad its a dying breed these days... i miss blue dogs.
lan at s with was a blastyblast. now its time for home
still had tooth ache
hanleys grand slam gave me a nice first day in fantasy baseball...too bad it came against the nats
no kidding. i think we may finally have it going... but it is past my bedtime! this is now gonna take all night... sato48
feeling like a loser for not completing any work today.
i have lots of work to do too, thankfully tres has wifi by his pool, so i am thinking that is a fabulous option!!!
heroes just isnt doing it for me this season...
you did not respond to my tweet!
yes, and the next projects wool is hiding from me...it was there on friday when i went to craigs place
did twitter temporarily disable editing whos tweets go to your mobile? currently, i can neither turn specific ppl on nor off
there doesnt seem a lot of point in trying to get some sleep tonight anymore. its already daylight
time for lunch. im so craving spring rolls.... to bad we dont have a chinese near who delivers
was saddened by kisschristys first person twitter
tired of feeling so alone all the time...
has run out of cigarettes what to do. stay study or go for coffee, cigggie a wee walk? time for fun yet? hmmm its only 6pm,study wins
wicked, ill ring you after work amp we can arrange, i miss my best buddie oh yes wampcs all the way lt3
i dont have nothing, any sound and any video
spring break bout to b finished
at last night
feels like shes been through the wars and ive only been to work mann my head and feet cane.
same here, man. were fixing it now, so its all good. sorry to hear about the wife.
i wish pete would respond
im buzzing and home alone. . .
thinking how i am actually gonna revise for my gcses which are very soon unfortunately
me jealous now
im being a total party pooper right now
goddammit, i missed it what 3 songs? xx
bah! i just went to the website. damn. im sorry im going to miss it.
damn . .neither sound like fun to me
fiuhh, nice to get info from you, im one of your fans from indonesia. and still waiting for your movie in my country thanx
oh my! i cannot believe miley and demi are both going to be in london!! i want to go soo bad
word to the wise never buy porno from a gasstation or liquor store. the chicks probabl are covered by giant moles, ruins the purpose.
i would have happily looked up your street view to see you dressed up as elvis, too.
thats a live version so its not the same its more like the bond version, youtube maybe?
just back from truro, huge queue in the bank..
work all day long
still loading yaar
super hungover today hmm a few glasses of pinot lead 2 a couple shots of stoli and so on, and so forth! wine is like my gateway drug!
what a boring start to the race!
just woke up. apples gig was ace last night. seriously tired now. work begins in one hour...
my hair goes 34 the way down my back, and my mum wants me to cut it
ugh im pretty sure this is what dying feels like.
that iiscrash is a tough nut posted to newsgroup
ul man
aw hon, have some extra pixie dust from me.
queing for the front seat on colossus paid 9 pounds for all 3 of us to jump the 2 hour queue
does anybody know the statistics homework not that i have started nobody is answering my emails about business studies...
omg hangover from hell. and i think i had bad meat.
still really hurts.
shame, whats wrong?
sorta sad. okay, really sad. dangit. how can people be so mean?
just beat me at go fish. i hate that game.
little boxes. i hope i dont ever live in one.
gamefly makes me sad. i usually only get the last game in my queue... which, obviously is the least desired.
headache
was invited to the buy design party by someone, but then he sold my ticket to someone else.
i wish things were the way they were 10 years ago! .. life was easy when u were 12 !
at my last cheer competition for senior l4
it sucks that my print ad didnt push through. that wouldve been my first stint at modeling!
still working hard in the office, not going as expected, well its taking much longer than i thought
one more night before i go back to school tomorrow. vacations almost over
my moms making me delete my twitter goodbye tweets
wants to use the 8directional dance pad, pero di compatible sa tv yung game.
quantus lost some of my luggage
i cant get pics up on the foodporn blog either
its so hard to sleep out of my bed! after being up for 24hrs and airport hell i thought i would sleep more
tell me why lidz got this dope ass fitted and dey aint got my size7 and 58 damn
actually these are quite good....tweeting fr my ph so i cant respond directly,
exactly! ill grab the sheets tonight and do them tomorrow. is forgot
frankfurt three times but i dont understand it
damn celtics, chokin against the bulls! if they keep playing like this, then its the cavs title to lose.
bought peggle today and its already burned into my plasma
still shooting the office interior. were all so tired. still got another scene to do! finish time 9am!
a whole week of the house to myself. god damn i need to move out
damn it battery in mp3 is dead no dresden dolls. its all s fault!
i love the nice weather, but since yesterday my allergies started acting up...
fighting a horrible sinus infection! makes for very long conference calls...
this is like my fourth visit. i usually feel pretty good right afterward, but i dont know if its helping over all.
has a sore throat today.
no luck but theres still one more winner to be announced!! dear jonas brothers gods...
asot400 stream froze
just woke up really sick must have been the tuna i ate for dinner
bedtime. wake up call at 7am
missin sos havent seen him in a month hopefully i will soon! lovin my sis she found my pearls lovin life now im going to pamper myself
history really isnt fun!! i got bored after like 5 mins lol
would love to, but traveling all throughout may
damn!!! i m missing twitter... have been very busy off late and have not got enuff time to be active on twitter... missing all d action!
chris says im now really fat after looking at this photo of me taken today sadly i haave to agree
found my sana...and has realized, that just like a white girl, i eat my problems
i burned myself on this giant dbl sided flat iron grill work...i was reaching n nudged it ..long story..hurts doe
my dog is in my room snoring!
working on a beautful day
who knew it was possible to be allergic to bandaid adhesive...?
shutting the gallery down for the day body is doing things it shouldnt be. not sure i can even walk the 2 blocks home.
ok, i literally cant keep my eyes open any longer. ill fix my layout tomorrow after work. night. lt3
same boat im in! made lifetime, got away for too long, and then 19 pounds over goal. but im back! you going back?
ive finally given in. now at malaysian restaurant waiting for nasi lemak and teh tarik. mereka tak faham bm...
just saw marley and me that was so sad, i cried
getting back into the grind. wish i was still boarding in tahoe
argh every time i wash a certain pair of my jeans, they become so tight i cant get them off help!
is feeling hot hate the weather!
infrastructure and improving their coverageservice. most of the wifi hotspots are in adelaidesa though
out of pickles...
haha! or maybe he did not notice? he seems to be ignoring us all
lost my free copy of radioactive so cant put it on my ipod grr!and i cant go out buy nother coz it came with that paper
yeah it is brutal at least its not until june lmao. but im excited, then we have to get onto another plane to canada lol
nice. i should have texted you earlier, id have joined.
almost had to put my dog to sleep..yesterday was a shitty day
pfff, rearanging database
my girlfriend got spooked on her horse!?!? oh no!!!
i dont know how to use this thing and my stupid picture wont upload
my mum is making veg curry tonight, i dont understand this, i asked if she could make it with chicken, she said no
awww thanks.. i hate being sick
shit what at house. kutner!
maybe if you did an aa show
doing my best to figure out how to tweet. trying to upload my photo.
i feel like crying.
doesnt wanna do uni work today but has to
missing
and how hard do volvo make it to check spark plug gaps? i have a degree in engineering and it is still daunting for me.
got my dog at the vet for heart surgery.
never expected chennai would lose the match ipl
gets kinda annoyed for no apparent reason off to do some religion homework, then some english d
hello i watch you everyday sorry to hear about fearne leaving
i pay just over a hundred, for me and occasional kids in a house, but not metered. yours does sound high then
fuck one of our apple laptops went dead fuck! graphics pics and files gone.... cesart
475 just to apply to my dream school. just to send in an application.
drinking coffee, listening to dump trucks dropping top soil onto the oceanfront lawn. aint nuthin like diesel fumes in the morning.
my seed is on the verge of death! thinking of what seedling i can plant to replace
i am up in west branch at the lake with the kids.
today is our dear friends memorial. trying to find by best poker face.
getting ready for work
poor kid damn all those people who want to cut there grass ï½__ï½ ahaha! 15dayslt3
feeling like my life is slipping away from me with each minute spent in this waiting room not being seen and sent on my merry way...
what rocks estee lauder bronze goddess perfume what sucks dropping my mac blot powder and it shattering in the pot
hes offline.twitter has been having problems with the dm part of the system.the worm has entered into the dm part of twitter
sunshine...!! washing drying. trying to keep boys occupied... but all the want to do is slob about in pyjamas and play halo..!!
i hate this time, i am super bored but everyone is sleeping
you laughed on that poor trees facebranch? omg! how rude of you!! hahahaha. poor tree, must be a boring, stationary life
whats wrong!
aw what did the poor donkeys ever to do to you?
is feeling bummed because not everyone will be here tonight
the liner buried his voiceover....missed the song asot400
im up. last day, sad sad goin for a breakfast now!
just going to look for the paracetamol it has been a while since i had a good nights sleep.
got rear ended and now my head hurts
not happy with the snow today...
trying to stuff as much stuff as possible into the packet im going to mail home. hating on the air travel luggage restraints!
okay so how come my post build events worked last week and this week....nothing.
i was almost tricked into eating pig snout and cow tripe.
stupid back robbery in vancouver is keeping our news cameras away. webraising
i dont know
the same shithole is guess my night is in the crapper
awake but not by choice
will there be more updates to the ps1 classics on the psn? every time i look there arent any new additions.
no and 7.20 for 2 handrolls is a bit steep!
jeff got called into work early.. now i am bored
i can already teel that its going to b a rough day and its not even 930 yet!
yea to bad didnt come out in us
thats a lot of angst for a tuesday afternoon
you guys better play tonight i dont want to stand in the rain for nothing.
cant sleep again booerns
wants to go home and watch the hills
rehearsal makes my head hurt.
thanks for the guru links, but they just take me to the sign in page
a new twitter name without telling me? boo. by the way, i think oberon is dead havent seen him for ages...
twitter were are you hello mom get on twitter what is sad?gt i know ur on twitter mom you make me cry! sniff sniff
im having violent feelings towards a bird outside my window, it wont shut up! i only want to sleep! x
r.i.p. my computer may 9th, 2008april 18, 2009
i have the itch to gamble
smile girl itll get better i promise lt3
poor thing. when theyre out rub some bio oil or coco butter regularly itll fade the scar x
is at work x
your boobs are growing, thats what it is
oh no! was english beat really that bad? i wanted to go but couldnt.
miss you too!
youre going to be in mexico on easter? why?
i cant watch, it sucks
i know how ya feel. im bored at the moment, no one to go to the pub with
gerard?? like from mcr!? do you know him?,... or is another gerarddarn...not from my chemical romacne!?
happy birthday, ! too bad you also are travelling today.
working on a sunday
so sad christopher maybe, we see us in berlin or something!
how sad! i hope u feel better!
hates maths tuition on a holiday..wanted to sync my ipod with the latest tracks nd podcasts ! will have to wait until im bck fb
on my way to see the chariot...i dont feel like going i just want to get to suzannes party!
yup dupar chi match baghel.....sandhyakali class ahe
its raining outside... good day for packing!
im sweating my forthcoming trip to e3. if i cant find someone to crash with while im out there, i may be screwed.
my art is regressing...
why yall didnt tell me the rockets play tomorrow and not tonight...man i was ready to watch the game
i feel like ive been stabbed in the stomach
hey rosemary, dont worry about it!!! dont want them wondering why ur shopping at this sad time. so sorry to hear the bad news.
you guys should do your acostic performance at 5! i have a championship meet tomorrow that wont end til then. cami
i feel so bad now it sucks when people are so nice to you.
i wish i was going.
i hate when i have to call and wake people up
dont know if you watched it yet, but yes its actually sad
is stuck babysitting my sister again!
so. kutner is leaving housee for obama. i dont know how i feel about that.
where the hell is my asos order!?! i want my pocket rocket and cardigan !!
face burns with acne stuff the doctors gave me!!!! the only reason i use it is because it takes away the acne and the acne scars!
fuck im ready for bed. still at work though then like a 25 min ride home
shaolin soccer was better imo
went to starbucks with my mom then did surveilance at campagina i saw some hot ass guys in club shirts but my tummy is hurting again
prom is scary. hahaha.
, loving your randomfacts! tell us more! cant dm my dms been broken on twitter for 2 weeks can see, cant send
yeeee! o!!! i has work in 30 mins waahhhhh
good afternoon.....hope everyones day is going well....gotta work on such a pretty day again ugh... ill be fine i guess...lol
photoshop, i hate it when you crash
boredom!!!! ugh! i wish i was sleepy
going with krystal to get her tattoo. she might die
i think im catching a cold even though its 70 degrees outside
i just got so emotional at jeremy kyle
work soon
about to shower, which i hope will wake me up at last. oh, and the synth experiments yielded nothing last night
may hold off on hawk. getting a job first might be a better idea... but i want it.
watching f1 china gp on tv. kimi shanghai is my hometown. rainy rainy race
i dont like when you guys are doing fun things and i cant come
how i wish i didnt have finals to prepare for asot400
today has gone really quickly for me, i dont know why since i have done nothing all day
i saw conor oberst at the glass house on wednesday!! he is amazing!! lt3 lt3 lt3 i wish i was at coachella this weekend
is sick but thats not going to stop me from having fun tonight!!!!
yay! all the images are now uploaded. now onto wiki markup
i know im sorry...i got caught up at this stupid club last minute...and my girls didnt wanna go anywhere
dont hav 2 much fun wo me!
so did your mom last night. brb while i figure out whether i just burned you or myself the most.
asot400 i duno how to work twitter haha
stupid effin twitter wont let me upload a picture
the retr bar quiz is hilarious. done it twice and come last both times the guy from behind the bar gave me his number!
nice morning for our walk. a breeze out of the n., clear skies. still not done with the taxes.
too bad im in canada we dont hbave and bns.
ok i just officially drank this whole bottle of wine...
correction. lawyers need to go for plain english lessons
im stuck sitting at my work desk on a beautiful saturday! bummer!!!
did not sleep well at all, and have a very unhappy stomach.
oh yesses. i have quotroad rashquot all over my hip. lovely, ay? i so rock!
thanks qui qui .. yeh no bueno
just tried the audio captcha while posting on craigslist, and i swear the sound will haunt my dreams tonight. crazy stuff...
wish i could! im gonna miss you in oz
this nice weather is making me really want to get my tattoo sleeve but gotta pay for the lsat
locked out. passing time in a cafe while playing sudoku on my phone
here for a pesticide trng, region said it would b less expensive to have it here than in sf. would rather b in sf tho.
haha no, i dropped it trying to move it and the insides got broken poor thing shouldnt have survived past the 80s anyway.
iquotm going crazy!!! somebody pleeeze help me!!! i cant upload my pic!!
damn its down.
the faggots are mine lol!! weathers not so nice here
ive just got my streetcar essay back from jerry and its still no good... ah man this is gonna be a bad day
your hip?! por que?
wheres the update? or have i missed something
i just went to my friends gallery opening with . back home now to be up at 5 am.
i have a crazy migraine too! must be the weather.
a few more batches to roast, then blend amp bag espresso then its delivery time...to cold to ride motorcycle...for me anyway
sorry sorry i slept in ill come tomorrow are you and everybody going to be there?
i hate ppl. i hate ppl who tear down trees. i hate ppl who tear down trees for unnecessary construction. decades of growth, gone. ughh.
i36 hope im feeling better by thursday, will be seriously annoyed if im ill over lan
ohh. but by that quote, it means im undesirable anyway
tell me about it, had some mortgage quotes last sat. going to be skint for the next 30 years.
thelma i cant see shiz i see blank and me and u comments
wants to swim on may 2
my eyes are burning
haha oh yeah, i thought today was the 8th then!! my bad
mom and i went for a walk today....and i forgot how to walk nicely!! i freaked out and got scared so we had to turn around and come home.
whats wrong?
oooh deaaar a good friend of yours?
at the dulceria till 6
i want a rainbow lei and i has no cash!
im really board and im going to see 17 again next weeknd super bummed my frnds bailed....i shud probably be doing hmwrk right now oh well
ooo if you enjoy garlic naan theres this great indian place you should check out when you come down. yes i gots the mail back
cant believe that its been a year already! still miss you tho
yeah, i agree with yeleysabsb and ladycarolina, we appreciated really but it seemed a bit harsh
i would totally go if i wasnt finishing all the invites.
church building clean up. too early
wikipedia has gone forever! see what the goverment do its there fualt lets hope donations or something bring it back !!
no! im out. but not happy
heh. im glad my mood went to shit. i need my cassandra
i know what ya mean
youre so lucky! i wish i did.
msn hates me
on the bus off to school... boo. making up the biology test today.
thats sad that he is sick! and i miss you too!
dont want to study today. want to pack my bags and leave. could it get any worse
really wishes her jaw would stop hurting.
ugh im sorry chica. i feel like no one understands when i have issues like that wmakeup. at least monday is over..
cant sleep. its 205amugh!!! im not even sleepy
my navel piercing tore a bit when i was forcing my dog into the bed of my truck. my fault, i know. it looks to be healing. yay!
on day 5 of selfrehabilitation can not listen to michael for a month
i still have to get that. the demo kicks serious ass so i can only imagine how the full version is
i cant sleep were gonna need a batch of that good good ... coffee that is!
at work
was late to work and hopes she is not in trouble...
katie wanted me to post this horribly disgusting picture...
yea! congratulations! i am a quotlifetimerquot but am over goal weight now
the pictures are up! my daughter olivia is sick today at least ther brewers open their season today. go crew!
im dyingggg. my kid has a taser inside of my uterus or something!! ouchie. i now understand what most mommas call quotlightening crotchquot...
of course when i go outside the sun goes away
cant sleep again. face is kinda swollen. dont let me be allergic to the thing thatll get me to thursday. school tomorrow? doubtful.
anyway! as u already know, im kinda annoyed but i dont trust the direct message so if u have my aim, holla me on there
restaurant called woodntap has competitive eating tourney round tourney time. we place 2nd
oh gosh, i need to study for math. exams on wednesday! need to study in advanced. but i want to go to the bazaar tomorrow
have research report due at five in the library trying to get it finished
taking future soninlaw to airport. daughter is a little sad
japanese is closed so maybe not
i am so screwed up! a confused and dumb child! i never felt so bad all my life! i wish i have any specialty! too bad i have none
easter bunny didnt come to my work
weekend ended fast..
the sundae wasnt as delicious as i thought it would b ah well...ill add it 2 the list of lost soldiers n the pregnancy battle
i want one i just want anything that supports 3g really.
just watched some weird 80s movie called satisfaction and the end sucked.
im sorry. at least its not your fault.
but those cause rsi too rsi guides always tell to use two hands for shortcuts... ah well, i wish you luck. keep me posted please.
were i to meet one of these phd linguist marketing consultants, would get groinpunchy, unless he or she is way bigger than me.
i feel connect to your music i love your style but i think you have to be nicier with your fans
am soooo tired!! wanna go to bed
someone save me from bio lecture... its too early for this! and my knee is black and blue
great day to stay in bed...cant sleep
ah well ..win some lose some ! wouldve been nice to have bet on the 100 to 1 winner!! if wishes were horses !.
is it friday yet? thankfully i have friday off so maybe i should ask if its thursday yet? and the answer, unfortunately, is still no
i cant believe shes going to be gone in less than 24 hours. im going to miss her so much.
just woke up. still no tax refund
doh! i hate that. sorry to see they lost
waking up cold in an empty bed
thanks 4 the reply man! but beezy never replies 2 me
i wish my iphone would let me do the thing it would be so much easier
oh ill have to check tescos, theyre much closer than scotmid. why do all the yummy treats have to make us gain weight?
ugh why did i make a hair appointment today i wanna stay sleeping
big, capacious wooden kitchen island 120x240 metric thought i was buying it but were not photos ampc on request if youre interested.
yes, we will! man.. i be trying too! she was here amp ppl were like why are u so excited?? lol, i didnt get to see her tho
doesnt know how to work this lmao
might be getting banned from twitter
wish that i could see it.. thats the downside of living in sweden.. good luck anyway
im glad im watching the bats win and not the yankees lose
feeling ever sadder that there is no video recorder for the g1 and it seems like there may never be
ah well, neverending story is a worthy winner... was looking forward to reading your analysis of the arkwright books though
western suburbs has excellent pide. but you gotta travel to the western suburbs to get em
its snowing.. in april. ugh, sometimes i hate pittsburgh. i miss la
i was outside for maybe an hour and a half in 70 degree weather and i got crispy...fair skin is a killer!! sun burn sucks
i work all week and im fine. saturday i wake up... im so sick wtf
i prefer foraging too! but will buy if i have to. richmond is fairly far, i am in zone 3 ne london
laying in bed unable to sleep. very sad and caught up in thought...
that movie is so sad!
got to go study i hate the junior cert cant wait till the 12 of june it will all be over then wwoooo
i just saw this im sorry
hey artygirlr u there i wanna talk to someone!
i remember quot2 guys a girl and a pizza place.quot that was a hilarious show. where the hell are the dvds?
im a starving artist currently nursing a migraine
i hope i reach home before ajeesh sings is super singer. missed ydays episode. heard he sang really well!
okay ive had this stomach pain for a good week now. idgi also pussycat dolls are my new favorite band.
is with great friends at grimeys records hearing mutemath play live. they are flippin amazing. crowds to big though so we cant see them
i cant believe i still dont know where my keys are
wondering about the existential restlessnes... im to restless, cant find my peace anywhere...i miss mumbai
i miss my german friends
oh just got all my macheist 3.0 apps sweet. didnt get the espresso serial no though although they said they sent it oh well
i need to go out but i am so lazy.
wish i was in charelston with my sissy
not naked snow flurries in ga. on 47 for chrissake!
now day 2 i hope yours goes away asap!
the people at costco on the weekends are ruthless! i just want to get my pallet of diet dr pepper and get out alive.
last day in lebanon drinking beer and bbq
im lonely keep me company! 22 female, cincinnati ohio
no gaga for me and shows all sold out.
i havent heard from you in while
wishing i could get some sleep, but that probably isnt going to happen tonight
good god they ruined my belly button!!!
at a very cool movie theatre in sarasota. last night at beach!
is having headaches
doesnt like how much uk postal prices have just gone up. now costs 20p more to mail a black velvet to usarotw amp 10p uk.
its tuesday...the su couldnt sleep last night...btworange juice right after brushing ones teeth with cinnamon toothpasteyuck
aww man, i cough a lot these days and my throat hurts like hell...i might get a doctor checkup
yea!!! calgary won last night!!!! poor montreal lost to ottawa though
omg wtf! sure, he talks now. im at school. i dont have a phone...
... omy! jus woke up!! but was wishing i woke up sumwer in ny!! lol
settling the house.
its maria sharapovas bday!!! i just realised that! i suck.
ah well, back to the grind
8.30 pm still at musica. sigh...
im giving thanks for another day, but why couldnt i just sleep in until a little later?
ohhh man joe. . . i wish i was there to hear it! lol
happy and sad, i dont have to go into work until 325 today, but i miss out on my 12 asian kids on a bus route.
until further notice, my phone is dead
i am having trouble loading the page for tweetdeck, i think the page is missing
u may need to check for the miikeyyworm issue. mousing over your twitter name indicates a potential issue.
lunch was disappointing
wow there too! i am in mi visiting and its been snowing
i want to see saw 5!!!!!!! mhhhh i donï½t when itï½s available in germany
very grey morning
totally zzzz believe holidays are ending hmph
laying in bed, ill, wishing my hot nurse girlfriend would come and make it better
i miss my buddy ill be in ny on the 25th
home alone....just me and the pup.....lonely
i knew going downstairs was a bad idea
todays episode of quothousequot episode, simple explanation was so heartbreaking.
im having trouble with the yahoo video links.
i totally missed out on this. i have a really good one...
banging headache! tweets are off for a while. well, most things are off with a headache like this
mehhh, opensource tools and apps rarely do, in my experience.
how is the sunburn? ouch.
boring ! the game is over , not fun at all
omg cantaloupe is my favorite essie color, mine has gotten all thick and yucky
sorry to hear that hope the next one will be better!
so sad i didnt know weird al was at coachella yesterday until now
is oh so sad because i left my andiamo leftovers on my counter at home so much for yummy leftovers
great now my mom is sayin that i get to go to the doctors to let them check my back today! can this day get any worse?? my love baybay
oh dear, the sharks have really lost the plot in the super 14. ill go sulk quietly in the corner now
is actually not going to new castle until the afternoon. of what to do with myself? haha. paper it is. after curves and food!
at home
blagh class at 8 tomorrow
i could do with a long week
i went there about a month and a half ago, was still open then. smelt really good, but i was getting sick
working is crap.
im sick come take care of me? hee hee
watching the harry kalas memorial on tv. its so sad.
sad that postsecret doesnt have sunday secrets anymore!
yeah, you didnt want to be under that when it fell. glad the kids were clear of it.
jake!! i miss you
i know. i think natan and i are going to go get food, wanna come?
thanks for the invite girl..but im still tired from last night
this weekend will consist of my trying to write my research paper... oooo so much fun
i woke up to a headache...
my son vincas is sick, so i stay at home just three tense days at work, and i am back on holiday with kids
oh well, timer was funny, when the next in the world?
still having problems with the ipod disk is storing data out of order amp i keep getting a disk error...my entire life in music...
please put the roh shows on your xbox 360 channel. i dont get your channel so i dont get to see roh.
just woke up really sick must have been the tuna i threw up for dinner
por favor decime ke no estas involucrado en esa pagina nicatrolls, theyre the cancer thats killing b
recovering from a long night on set of csi new york. it was their season finale
im missin my baby...really needed to talk to him today
i wish i could go, but its just not financially feasible
2 young men with suittie at my door talking about god, jesus... took me 15 seconds to get rid of them. poor guys... completely lost...
i wish i had money to see death cab sunday tomorrow
really wants to be outside enjoying this weather..im stuck at work instead
it is not that hot outside today
havin those breathin problems again....think its time for a doctor this time
oh balls, i forgot all about your article in the mail yesterday! have you got a link to it or an electronic copy?
mourning the loss of my puppy nala
today is not my day. ive spilled my water twice. dropping the water bottle once. its not broken yet, but im expecting it.
i dont feeeel good i wanna go home.
u cant sip crap vodka! nope not done c25k got ominous knee pain not good
and i broke a fucking nail.
wonder if jon lost the net
iï½m sad!!! u donï½t like my joke.... ok, i thinks to a new joke!!!!! jajajaja
awful cramp, cant sleep
chocolate covered strawberries and cottage cheese, you have defeated me
awman, boomer! or maybe hell dump her for you
cant wait for easter, but then after that, it will be study time
mandy moore quotcryquot ? quota walk to rememberquot by far my favorite movie, so sad i cried like a baby
my phone and fb are going crazy with all the bday wishes.. cant believe im a year older...
found my red pen, but not before it got all over my new white tank top. copyediting
i am way tired, too much work.
stop letting us jealous! hahaha just because i cant go
amongst the spammers? this is bad news
feel better, ill make sure ur game is there for when u get home!
kg!!!!! i wish you were playing! but the celtics will win!!! give them kgs strength!
got a mosquito bite in the morning i hate them!
ugh, this book is so melodramatic and badly drawn. bad choice for a first book! readathon
nope im not a fan of the carrot cake. sorry
ouch, not good
thanks for the post. interesting, she refers to my group at the very end but doesnt mention it by name.
ur so right.. i wish i was in nyc, too.. or los angeles.. las vegas.. awww lt3
i feel like shit. this is not the way i want to spend my birthdays eve
casino not hittin lost my going home now money
haha... hmm... well... hmm... yeah. sorry.
why am i the last to find out about these things? like that youre on the twitter too.
i have a hole in my favourite top. i bought it in the sale before christmas so i cant even get an exchange might try fixing it later.
he is pretty good for his age, i on the other hand suck really good
ye im not very sad...but weirdly enough shes lettin me go 2 da party?? how confusing parents r?? lol
cant write anymore papers five to go
hannah and tiffany.. i know them too! haha. but i never go to stonestown hows it?
schooling sean about twitter. i know less than i thought
how was it last night? sorry i couldnt make it out. hit me up later.
rather tired after last nights works. getting woken up early doesnt help either
me and are so in sync that both of our stummics hurt right now
i am shuddering and shaking too
dislikes idl for being so early in the morning.
talking to an awesome guy im falling for. they always have to live so far away
your welcome!! even though i dont have cable. sorry im missing it i dont watch much tv. so so sorry 4 missing it
looks like the nobel peace prize is simply a popularity contest
i dont want to go to work at have 20 year olds be mean to me for seven hours
i canceled it, with plane tickets, hotel stay and tickets.. it was close to 400 if we eat cheaply. man i soooo want to see o!
i have a migraine in the bed...
orientation was such a bore. now i have to work... ho hum.
is rocking some swollen eyes...sexy! haha
has a hangover from last night
my condolences
2010?? thats a long time from now. have you guys started filming? im way too excited for series 4!
observe amp report was premiering at the chinese theater i was driving by slowly but only saw the reporters amp red carpet, no stars
i just saw your post to me from awhile ago. hes gorgeous! i dont like the hair on his stomach though.
being a big butthole and going to work instead of driving to vegas.
thats quite a bad break. i drop my mobile a fair bit too.
is gonna have a 14 year old on my care very soon while her dad and my ex boyfriend her bro is off to jail holy crap
wishes david cook was coming to phoenix trying to figure out a way to get to san diego on june 18th to see him.... im obsessed
oh my god i am so jelous aghh it was ehhh 6 7hour drive from my house.
geez what a busy afternoon. meetings, emails, meetings and email and more meetings. 6pm and the day is still going! ah its dark and
...and, india missed out its 100th test victory n 10th consecutive win without a loss.
someone just spoiled house for me too..
cell phone is dead! my life is so hard.
is getting to saint louis tomorrow!!
not fun amp furious? the new mantra for the bay 2 breakers? it was getting 2 rambunctiousthe city overreacted amp clamped down
...another long day ahead. i think my voice may be returning, but my head is still pounding. is it friday yet?
i miss sekhar uncle working in that cake factory thing
so tired. and my spring break is coming to an end.
yeah, there used to be solo in truro, thats closed down now
allergies kicked in already. runny. nose and itchy eyes cant wait for a few weeks of this.
major failwhale for twitter today
moms driving me to work yet again. i need my car !! iam lost without it.
whats the best way to eat reheated pizza i keep trying to eat this one but its too hot and makes my mouth be in pain
woke up and feel like rubbish rest? or chill indoors and play xbox with a cold drink?
its freaking hot
i am? news to me. and sorry to hear about the job
no you wont i dont have a ride
im really sad
i knew that would scare me dammit. the sound when you click his belly, way too sudden omg
just got a tennis top in the post but i dont like it and its too big! shame
heroes is losing its momentum come on writers pick it up!!!
you have my name. it has made me very sad. i wanted to be twitter.comscroobiuspip
oh no whats wrong pumpkin
ooooh, ice kills my knees. its not so much a muscle problem as a joint problem. but thanks anyway.
oh i just looked at that while eating my frosted flakes.
going thru town and traffic on bypass is stink
but why must it be complicated? if i want to see something thats prob not there, why cant i do that wo ppl commenting?
your bike messenger look is so hot right meow except that youre on the train without a bike cause its raining today. aww, so sad
darling im sorry bites you
revision, again. oh, and morning !
my house! yey! my bed! yey! my laundry! not so happy about that
why is my server always the one the dies
is so bored. i hate this feeling
my mac is breaking two weeks after the warranty has expired
just a little more sleep please
our internet is down.
it annoys me that a 250 gb hard drive doesnt actually hold 250 gbs. in fact, no drive holds the number of gbs it claims to hold. sucks!
not looking forward to my 10 hour shift tomorrow.
the same problem? i cant believe it!
thatï½s bad
my friend says ur gay stupid jonas brothers
i will cry if allison gets eliminated
but its cold.
just scared my files will be gone by tomorrow thatd be a nightmare. all the most important files are there!
im on my grind today i have to work both jobs sucks to be me. hopefully no dumb ?s or long boring meetings with people complaining
blasphemy. if dm broke up tommorow id be ok if martin kept putting out solo records. cant say the same for dave. i know.
again, another day of laziness.. sucks but, next week for sure.. writing will get done.. expect to see some new blogs soon!
jean paul gaultier classic, ultraviolet? lolita lempicka, burberry weekend are nice day ones. i want a tiare flower one
ouch sounds very sucky
bummed not havin margaritas with my gurlllss at alenas ...bought to go to bed home my gma is okay in the hospital
just asked my friend if we were in a nonsmoking hotel room. forgot we werent in vegas.
very cute! i wish i could have a dog! parents wont let me! how is elvis anyway? hes such a cutie!!
i lose followers all the time. haha
maybe that is why isnt replying. would be a shame if it is true though, he is good.
we are missing our little emilys party.
ugh! none of my friends want to get on twitter. at least i can keep up with my twilight peeps. yay! you guys are awesome!
started getting mailshots aimed at pensioners its all downhill now
omg thats horrible i hope the rest of your day gets better i hope the geese is ok
i wish we could figure out this picture thing
grr, i dont think my phone can handle twitter. its an old samsung flip phone, standard txt msg, no internet, dinotech. lol
im missing martynov...cant wait til you come home soon
just burnt her breakfast. but i ate it anyway, bcuz i was hungry. tramp.
sad bc chuck lost tonight but he looked good tonight and is a great fighter
setlist had flowers in the window as the closing song...they didnt play it. travis
can someone make this hang over go away? my brother needs to come back w my car so i can clean it. homework all day? beautiful weather
waiting for it to b 9am so i can go talk to the store manager at 75th and bell.. need another job wis isnt gunna cut it..
im more tired than a very tired thing today.
enjoy, im sad to be missing it, but we couldnt find a sitter
and so here comes the coursework
sorting brekkie for the kids then off to the horrible place called work, boohoo
i really do find anthea turner irritating whether nice or not..
sushi was awesome as usual. more expensive than i remember it though still nice to get out.
cant beleive how quiet it is without the boys running around miss them so much.
there are too many idiots in the world, thats for sure.
my phone is gonna die... no fair
about to go looking for shoes for my brother, looking forward to torquay in april. not as sunny as yesterday here
bummin that my local starbucks has no more doubleshots cans.
just laying in bed thinkin about the essay due monday
another sales pitch today for a potential surface customer. i do more sales than development these days
packing to leave. not ready to go
why does it take so long to go through one lecture which only took 52 mins to give?! and its sunny outside. someone is mocking me
these are the mysteries of life
is job hunting again... dont want to but im too unhappy at work. been there too long n need to leave n do something i enjoy.
i think i mistakenly threw out my thumb drive when i was cleaning my apartment yesterday. definitely wont do that again. clean, i mean.
i love uni coffee????? bet you wont get this one. ilpc oh ps uni tomorrow pick u up at 1252! ps 1000 word assignment! arg
ears size 00 hurt watching chaos theory!!! wonderful movie love it!
headache, right behind amp above the eyes.
been up since like 5am
work today
hasnt been on twitter for a few days, no internet at mums house for the moment
kal penn is my hero! but did you really have to leave house?
i hope your sleep is better than your day.
heading to work..today is just a repeat of yesterday
the waterfront is still chilly
its already one o clock
dreading school today and tomorrow. im going to get in sooo much trouble one of the two days.
the girls are finally sleeping... amp even though its early, i hope to be sleeping soon as well! cec may not happen tomo.. lani is sick.
dont eat a callipo ice lolly before eating your lunch, i feel sick now and not hungry for my sarnie.
how come??
slept very badly last night...
allergies playin up like mad today
nah, same one, rang up to see what progress was, someone else has offered but been rejected, they reckon 117118 to get it
i have a very sick puppy too. two actually. one old, one inflammatory disease. take turns not being able to walk. hugs!
my mum could have droped you home
sigh i just went on donnies page and saw the sad truth....sorry for the misleading info
keeping my fingers crossed for my buddy he is not feeling well.
ill make fresh start.. i promise... xtra sad puppy face...
haha im from brazil, but i cant speak spanish, sorry
im going to meeting and then getting stuff redy to go bck to dds
i still cant believe the van is gone. so many great memorys
i can imagine the amount of messages you get everyday! i wish my job was exciting as yours! enjoy everymoment of it for me
sweet. 5 jobs applied for. 3 agencies applied to. sadly, theres nothing new on the job boards at bunac though.
made the poor puppy throw up. two earplugs and string are not good for puppies, though. had to be done
what?? joe tweeted? what is his id? i am on the road i cant check
locked inside davis when its 88 degrees and sunny out.
haha! i wanted to go! but it was to late
is eating his last breakfast on the boat.
flo rider has sampled that blue song he messed that song up for me
just rode the original space mountain for the last time ever
bout to take my dog for a walk kinda tired aswell went training this morning
car got broken into last night. feeling violated!
waiting for ryan to get here. my phone doesnt work
was american idol goood last night? i missed it
going to hawaii manana!!! bummed cuz my bff wont be able to go
the day i decided to not hav a shower and stay in my pjs is the day the cfa and my sisters mates come round.
only 12day later and ants have eaten clean its bones..that poor little gecko skeleton..so very disturbing. i regret not mercy killing...
must you gents always drive right through the oc without stopping for a visit? makes me feel like you dont love us.
i love chutney......
pepperoni passion y. i swear i took a pic but i dont think it saved damn i wanted to share the memorable event.
food allergies suck! i became allergic to shellfish about 4 months ago out of the blue, and i used to love shrimp.
soaking in the tub.. then off to do monthly grocery shopping... urrgggghhhh...hate that... its boring and then i have unpack them
sisters cat meatball has had its leg crushed needs to be amputated now, poor little thing
once again, i wish some benevolent god would smile upon me and not make of work at this hour.
nice avatar you and i share the same bday so i will be partying it up not with you though big 30 ahhhh
i am glad you are safe, but now i worry for the prairie chicks
downy weather wheres the summer?
is suffering with the lugholes again
lost money tonight support your local bartender!!
didnt get tickets live in mk, gutted xx
seems like something is always breaking around here. last week car problems...this week a broken plumbing pipe, so currently no water
ill give you this rain. the fobfiddy show got cancelled because of the weather.
look at your lasst post about the bjp.
here at working going through snmp trap logs....2 more hours and im out of here...didnt get to study
is lonely
oh no!! i know. i havent cried that much since wham split up.....
my nambu just crashed i just tried to click on tr.im in the sidebar! bad nambu!
my back is in bits
i feel sick again urgh
tried to call you from the farmers market today so you could hear some cool music but didnt have your on my cell phone
wish i could sleep
im really sad i didnt speak to you at tuttle yesterday!
...beautiful weather...long day ahead..so much to do so little time
please follow me, i dont have many
follow me? i cant dm you so now i cant win
is learning about the seven deadly sins. wow, i am a sinner.
nfg played an amazing set again. i got tons of video for you to see. no better off dead sorry
curse ye!! have fun at it. i miss doing online pr for paramount pics
i could care less about the drama threads that are there for two seconds. i do miss talking to my girls at home
just going to go for a review of the gadgetshows top 5 freeware might get some of them,despite the fact half of them are poor
looks like baby is going to be born in pi
aww i wish i was there
my dinner sucks
im lonely keep me company! 22 female, houston texas
terrible toothache, feeling very grumpy. 44 hotels to write about in my work queue
doesnt work on my cell go to sleep! p
y is it that when u have the best intentions that people want 2 stab u its so hard to keep it together when ur blood runs cold
is not having a good day today.
is sick of it here!!!
would have been delighted by this snow a few days ago but.. i just sent my winter coat, hat, gloves, uggs, etc. home with the parents fb
i need a free music website to listen to at work!!!! they blocked playlist.com
eh....dont ask, itll just depress you study hard for exams!
mine either. and i think i love him. how pathetic.
exactamundo!!! for some reason i think foxx is knocked out, so idk whats gonna happen, sorry
i think its eating too much food rather than too much drink thats making me feel kinda icky right now.
i dont like that day
you always look great. sorry, no pet. but i like bull mastiffs.
orange juice and toothpaste mouth combo
its snowing in april? ill never get to go out and run around
sore throat is still sore amp i need to study for my psych test. dnw.
thinking about chris, erin, and family today. they have to say goodbye to their beloved dad and newly made grandpa!
my eyes are sore today! i hate snow!
no facetime for u either huh?
im sorry for your loss. are you okay?
has a maths examen at 1 o clock
cant concentrate on making banners when fiancï½ is playing guitar hero
super kings lose
oh whats happened? message me on myspace. i need to tell you something. x
boo! i hope shes okay, sweetheart.
spent like an hour on mybrute trying out making different characters i made 26... leveled them up to 2... still no wolf or good weapon
yes i am and yall have a gday as well! smiles
lol, i doo, but i dont get tweet alerts
really need to be getting work done, but twitter is more entertaining right now
shutting off twitter
working from home today. its not the same without my poppy at my feet.
why is it that when im really in the mood to rp everyone dies on me?
alright i finally think its time for bed. and dang it i didnt get to read breaking dawn tonight
a lily nem a sam nem a linds me respondem.... droga
he only reminds me of him because he doesnt wash his hair, thats all. gross, i know!
what about reese dying on ttsc? and season finale next week. 24 boring, madame president is a crazy woman.
noones tweeting
did i mention i got to see sin city bluray before most can buy it? only good luck today two places i tried to shop at had closed for good
not feeling too hot
i wish coachella was closer
i miss being at home for calving season...sad that black one died this morning wish i had some bottle calves!
good morning all! finally home from work... geez the night from hell! and wishing i could have gone to the coachella music fest!
laundry underway check. raid tonight check. crippling sense of not knowing how to make myself be productive, schoolwise check.
going to go pass out now cailyn is actually sleeping in her own bed so i have to sleep all alone
enjoying dinner with jeffs parents. but i already ate.
i just had to use a quotgrippy thingquot usually intended to open jars and other tightly sealed containers to open the cap of my new chapstick
spring breaks over. i have school tomorrow. fml
is the only person in a house of four people that appreciates the legally blonde musical
worked until 1230 last night. didnt sleep until 230 and had to open the store this morning at 9. fml my body hurts
wish i had money to go to coachella! darn...i guess i have to keep wishing
wow, a high of 64 today. i love this weather in florida. sadly it wont last long
my phenom ii 940be wont run with 4ghz why?
a my 2 pal wood pigeons just sat on their usual branch and it snapped
t i just asked my friend what piglet was winnie the pooh. ....seriously guys what is it
i swear no matter how long ive been getting up at 5am, it never gets any easier. man my eyes hurts wah
and thanks for eating that bagel for me, because i never made it to panera today.
got a ticket yesterday for having expired tags...even though i had just updated them. someone at the mva is messing with me.
i cant fall asleep
very very sick
ugh my mom is such a grouch... i cant wait to move out
sorry sweetie. how did your contest deal turn out?
yeah, not good. even going back to 2.2.1 didnt resolve it.
wicbt wish i could be there snowing here .....like our class song said...quotthe sun will come out...tomorrowquot gagging
asot400 aww hes leavin
i wish hattiesburg was cool enough for eddie izzard to visit.
every time you tweet about the redbull car i loose a little part of my soul.
right i want to bbq i got 3lbs of salmon.
im at a friends caravan now were watching dark angel
double fail! u went to whataburger without me?!? im a sad panda
ur phone and its breaking disease has spread to my phone it doesnt ring any more just flashes agh only one moth till a ...
i wish we would get it the same time at the rest of world. unfornately i am in cairo and have to wait for mtva to play it
im good...funky rainy day here
you know it!!!! got the leg workouts for days, but my leg is still fucked! sux
i missed you... is wednesday your day off? or is that thursday?
royal bank of scotland making tonnes of techie redundancies. more competition for me then
cant believe i got the landmark thucydides new and hardbound for 18 wtf. also obvs am discovering love for old stuff late in life
aching all over amp school starts tmr
why i cant even stream the audio? want to cry now asot400
misses you too.
omg i miss meg so much and twinkle too. darn it, come home from china no
got the viruses out of my pc, god what a hassle
really dont feel like getting up today... but got to study to for tomorrows practical exam...
depressing im ok this morning!
thanks for the reminder
sour gummie worms left in a scorching hot car in palm springs liquid
only good music !! too bad i dont live in the uk anymore...
my heart goes out to the victims of the earthquake in italy and their families!
sorry, i had my tweets off on my phone where were you guys?
because im having a miserable lonely night
found 2 bugs bluebird for example ... very very basic bugs....
on the way to coachella stuck in traffic...buddah bust
the hinge broke it works, just doesnt open smoothly and its pissing me off. i dunno ill see if it can be fixed first.
is mentally preparing for tomorrow if anyone can help me find something good closer to home, it would be appreciated!
good morning fellow tweets, there is allot of spamers on here. but thats ok, ill just get rid of them.
omg. what a very sad ending shirou and saber could have at least been together ...
using my most recently acquired robot to clean the carpet, ..where i tracked in mud.
i know ehh robert is taken ma nigga.
8am walks at the beach. im so tired. but oh well. helloo breakfast after.
the tags pages have more splogs these days. i just looked up the tag for mumbai and 50 of the sites were splogs. used to be 0
going back home
today was definitely not as productive as i would have liked
fuck the weather channel. they said it was supposed to rain today.
for some reason is unable to sleep
saturday morning promotion if there was only one firefox plugin, it should be but it eats up my life
y is it that when u have the best intentions that people want 2 stab u its so hard to keep it together when ur blood runs cold
and the dont do 3d
all our household contents. including our new appliances and wedding present dining room table all being sold!
is going to work, missing playoffs rip city!!!
taids zb! str??i atpaka? beidz?s peds?de. uff! fucking thing
yeah some wont look cute..we out to ur pool!
yikes! hope youre ok!! other than the scratches and bruises thatll come later.
sick i think was applebees food made me sick..
i feel dat way too.
i hope you guys have fun tonight, were bummed that we cant be there
twitter, you wound me
aweber doesnt have a time feature on sends?
grrrr now i remember y its best to go out early in belfast kellys it is not
blitzen trapper, sound issues boo
mmmm girls! i think mr carter leave us lol
going on holidays with my friend tomorrow exited but no twitter
shame to hear this stephan
feels like a cramp. quite disconcerting
didnt sleep at all last night. had a terrible dream of being caught in a car and zombies trying to get in and eat me. no bueno.
men freakin suckkkkkkkk,
still sick. effed up sleeping schedule. clam chowder frm vons is the shiz.
i am trying to navigate around modern techonology now and realises that i am indeed, techbimbotic boohoo!
exactly. bad averts. and they should have ads for dq at night when it is closed. that is cruel and unusual punishment
haha whattt!! i was trying to tell you to just come over thenn buttt clearly thats not what happened...
earlier i watched somethin on prison rape....makes me neva want to go to prison. i dont want to be raped my cuzn machoke got raped..
days mean nothing to me. according to my computer its april 1st. its been april 1st for 16 days. i am lost in time.
hard to be a browns fan these days.
im sick... but i have to venture out anyway. i gave ro my second pair of gloves only to realize i kind of need them today.
sexy saturday...but unfortunately i cant enjoy it im stuck here studyyin....
o
dang my neck hurts so baddd i want to cry peace
at school on another makeup day and sill hatin it
stuck in traffic going home. and tank s nearly empty
i see how u do me
nasty budget due and my iphone is being sent to apple today.
not looking forward to sunday. would rather be doing something else. but i am now obligated.
thanks for the retweet amp subsequent retweets jon. i hope to goodness they find her. i think the cops bungled things early on
im bored. sun its not present in a sky . i deppressed so much! i want see the sun...
they usually ruin my mornings.
im so sorry steph. praying for rykers family this morning. so very sad.
pobrecito i thought you had a blast at prom! lt3.
and youll get familiar with twitter pretty soon!!! im not coming back this summer, so that means i dont even see you then?!
man work is hard
aww
is pretty tired and has to wake up tomorrow to do that stupid paper over serotonin
missed music monday
is ready to go to bed..long day tomorrow
but you didnt and im scared oneday you just wont say it again but what about when youve hurt me, it hasnt made me want t
i just wrote and entire story, and it didnt save. motherfucker.
ok, ill hold back the tears. c ya in kansas city!
at work again its so gross outside i hope its not like this all day.
and im not even done, gtta finish grocery shoppin tom
feeling sorry for the emasculation of poor bun bun whos losing his ball balls tomorrow
sick i think i have a fever now. i had to turn down blazer playoff tickets. i have seen better days.
home from the gym. showered and fresh. going to catch up with lost and theoffice. what a fun filled friday night home alone. sigh
ive had 12 hours of sleep...and somehow im still tired?
going through hair and makeup as we speak. sooooooooooo tired! i miss my doggies
misses him right now. i need a hug
really missed you last night
i feel bad for those fans
i dont think its gonna be a good day
i feel sad, i couldnt travel to see you guys in amsterdam! can you come to norway soon?
but i need to go to bedddd
just been given ma marching orders, gotta go do some work, yay.........
dunno...just my mums card...my mum didnt buy me it....
sitting here with tears down my face. dont wanna go to work on sunday. going to miss my mom
25.....the no. of american banks shut down this year......
my heart is broken every morning dropping foo at pre school, now i understand when moms say quothe has my heart brokenquot.
well... it seems like i do in fact grindbite on my teeth too hard at night. first night without valium and its worse again.
school is taking back the laptops over the summer. i guess i really need to invest in my own now.
watchin throwdown w bobby flay..i wish i could cook
trying to wake up... soo tired. busy day again tomorow,,,
daaamn it!!! mikeyy! is back on twitter
yea!! time to go to holt renfrew!! shopping!! need to haul so badly. havnt shopped for 15 days!!
we are sad cause the spurs lost
watching fallon with mom and working on a project...school is hard
spaces last day, so last day working at disney until who knows when i cant believe this day has come
lol, well my sis scearmt every time! but we did that run yesterday and her nie hurts still and i wnat 2 scear her and he fell!
home studying on this beautiful night
my afternoon plans got cancelled i must find something to do that will allow me to soak up this awesome sunlight.
wants an access virus ti but theyre like 2 grand
what tragedy and disaster in the news this week
i could not install it for xp users here in aramco, vista users have no problem, weird
i have nothing to do today
i bought a puppy mill people and didnt know it years ago and he as so sick and died at 7 yrs old
shaq im calling you bro, pick up ok? hahaha if only
i just dont run anymore. had to tone down on the amount of exercise for a while, and only walk when necessary. not fun..
why is it only tuesday cant it be friday
good morning... i wish the weather was as good as in germany today
gym not open till 9 twiddle thumbs it is then....
twitter hates us both then.
wishin i was near california so i couldve gone to coachella yesterday and fri
is tired .
is watching glawster getting chewed up and spat out by cardiff. glad im in the pub and not at twickenham.
sorry to hear that sweetie.
about how many are there? i got stuck oncall this weekend and im working with a downed server right now.
going to try going to sleep again. . . darned caffeine is keeping me up!
just sitting ,waiting
i wish i had had to look that one up
is still in pain a tonsillectomy is the worst
really wishes he didnt have to make this html email newsletter why do people like this stuff?
nobody is talking to me
theyre gonna be about 2 hrs away from me but i spent all my on spring concerts so i cant afford any more this year
definitively i will go to shop with you, if i lived near you
april 9th isnt coming soon enough
too much work grrr
oh! mother nature! you taunt us with one beautiful day last weeekend and now you give us snow. ottawa
jeez! today is gona be the longest day in bloody history sat here,
no le gusta house of house 5 min intro
lsattiiingggg columbiabound if all goes according to plan
but i cant figure out how to get there back pay for a hotel etc
well i have uni stuff and netball but after netbal if ive done uni stuff we can
having trouble finding a cat5 patch cable that isnt crossed
eff my life. mom and i went to papa johns to get some pizza and we told them no cheese but guess what was on it?? yeah...
stopped at the grocery store before work and picked up some salad. wings won last night. so sad about msu
totally bummed that target takes ova my life i cant go see tgs tonight
i am so sorry. i dont hate u plz forgive me. p.s. u r probably annoyed by me right now but plz forgive me
got hardly any sleep and missed all my errands this morning
just found out the second earphone slot doesnt work on my laptop they could of been soo happy together
17 again was pretty darn good. now its time for work
gaaah now i have monty streaming in my head. i thought i had kicked the habit
i wanna see twilight again. love it, but i dont have the dvd. oh well... guess i surive.
lycos 14 year old mascot spider quotrexquot passed away this morning. rip friend, you will be missed. her story
its snowing... in april...
mornin twitters, gonna have sum breakfast and go to work god bless you on this holy day xxx
laying on the couch with a verry painfull back... wishing someone would know how to loose this pain!!!! ouwieeeeeee!!!!
if he doesnt get better in a few days, he could have something lodged in his belly
totally delayed
i am kind of bummed...did not make my numbers for the first time.
my project is going down the drain legal issues seem to have dealt a fatal blow...
argos was disturbingly uneventful. im disappointed.
argh...throttled to 64k up and down...i know dialup was slower than this, but man the net is painful at this speed
miley isnt feeling well
i got shot
i cant go out today.... im so mad!
cars still not ready
oh no but its still quite early, no? mebbies things will flow better later on? lol, i did worry for a moment! xd
wish i could go with you i am not going on the cruise. hope you have fun! have enough for me, too.
yeah i know its sad
wishing the week was over....
please.. loved the idea of the black soap, but my pump wouldnt work let me know when the new improved version is out!!
im dying to meet you demi
how come ur background covers the screen but mine is in the corner?
beach!! which one. i am so jealous. the ocean beach is always super windy
sitting in an apartment in san francisco and wishing i was at home
waking up to say goodbye is never a happy start
heres to hoping today goes by quickly...
who u tellin! i wish the party was still at bethel
apparently we have new neighbors upstairs that are making noise.
heath ledger. r.i.p
got ready and leaving back to paris in a couple of hours!
no votes yet
jury service was a bust. all done and never got to serve on a trial. goddamn guilty pleas mean my 2 weeks off work has been cut short
jealous. trail runs my favorite!
not looking forward to unclogging the bathtub drain in the girls room tomorrow!
glad you enjoyed it mate. any more gigs lined up in the near future? none on the horizon for me at the mo
wow i thought my leg was getting alot better...
yuk i feel sick and am going to bed to lye down.
ahh, i dont know! im not escaping, but really, i dnt know. for me, its an undefinable thingie... dsnt hv to hv a definition
slowly dying of boredom. also freezing cold. yaaay
glues not coming off. it is sooo irritating
people depres me beyond reason!
im so freaking depressed. i knew what would happen, but still.
...or frequantly? spell check has ruined me.
hey, i actually won one of my bracket pools! too bad it wasnt the one for money
missed some good oppertunities...
nothing right now
hubby and kids away for night..missing them
finally home. no cute guys.
omg! im so sorry to hear that! hope it goes better next time! iphone
is somehow sick again...2 days till my exam..wonderful timing
went to a new room. this is a big one. goin to take a new pic. but only those are gettin a bigger room who have to stay here longer
im assuming quotgetting use 2 bracesquot means waiting for scar tissue to form around the inside of my lips and cheeks so i can sleep at night
oh, you have a recipe for gyros? i developed an addiction in germany, and havent been able to find any i like in aus.
i wish boys were dead thats all. wtf! did you get the car to the shop though? thats crazy hope everythings okay
what do you mean whats mine saying...it just carried on ringin
just woke up. about to go see my friends play a football game soccer its early
and here you were worried that you werent going to get anymore. see! ours all melted
cant get the webcam to work
haha. i cried... i guess he did....
still dying. i am very, very ill.
hey questlove, how come you deleted your myspace account?
no problem, tongueincheek remark. lots of acronyms, but no nz
epic amounts of work to do for college
it just had to snow gt dernit
reminds me of when i was working in the machine room for 4 days setting up servers. nearly went deaf
aww zack i love you people who dont even know you ampwrite mean things online are retards. hot atl boy gt annoying stalkers
all re movies got deleted off my ipod! they arent on my compy anymore either
i keep thinking i am going to get to bed early but by the time i read the etsy forum a bit and check in here time is gone
wants her camera back!
and for the xbox360 even 5.910 i hope that i will disagree with that next week when i get the game ...
aww i feel well sorry for teri
i am in love with someone who does not love me ...sucks!
not looking good for bmwsauber f1
having some coffee w friends. preparing to leave spain
wish someone quotfamousquot could help raise awareness about delaradarabi.. but i guess thats not glam enough..
came home from work to find a small bird caught in my chain link gate. it must have flown into it and broke its neck strangled itself.
just got word that there is a dead body at the alley cat. blood and all. very scary stuff. glad i wasnt there to see it.
horrible sore throat hurts
why isnt icarly.com working
is tired
all alone in my cube
race started,leader is the pacecar f1
im mad i didnt get see it
trying to work out the tax return
i want to go swimming but no one to go with
is getting mixed signals from a different guy... dear boys please dont do that. it really messes with us girls more than you know.
... call got dropped
is disappointed that car shopping today did absolutely nothing but widen her choices
farewell internet ill be back on thursday!
dear twitter... i have 4 bug bites on my leg. they r itchyyyy.... haha just got outta the shower. uhh night.
new spending plan looks very practical more intelligence and irregular warfare terrorism, still jobs are lost..
i am at my office right now
sometimes u just want to feel the urge to want to cry....
i think ur right!! hahaha!! 4.5 hrs now!!
i dont know where he went! im starting to get worried
school on monday
cant wait 2 c carter when bak skewl hate gettin sick it suks.......blech
at a road block finding a job
me too awww
i miss those kinder easter eggs! i can never find them here
off to work
i feel bad for doing it
poor msu i feel so bad... and taco bell sounds really freaking good right now. thanks. i just might have to get some
should i even be on here? what 4? what am i doing? what am i thinking? saying what im really thinking usually freaks ppl out what to do
tell ppl 2 folo me2 plz! im new also n love u. ill do nethin plzzz! im follown both of ur friends.
off to the office again today going to be a busy day so many things to do.
nooooooooo i can hug you though! that was random sorrrry! .
didnt make it by here today. they are saying we will have snow tomorrow. wtf? it is tennessee. it doesnt even snow here in winter.
i wanna see 17 again, hannah montana and, a haunting in connecticut with lexy!!!
man! i feel ridiculous! ugh!
hating to go to school
i smell dinner... but i cant have any i havent eaten since sat afternoon.
unfortunately, thats been happening since yesterday
my throat still hurts wah!! feel sorry for me lol
i used to love league, back when i was a lad in wigan it was pretty much compulsory. then was forced to play union
another long day today is it friday yet??!
wondering why the nba is not playing in my favor today..both of my teams lost today. ohsa wellsa...on to the game tonight 8!!
im sick. but you are taking such good care of me!
is waiting for a tow
going to disneyland!!! super stoked! already missin the bf though
sorry about your kitty, thats sad did you have a lovely time away though?
blooming great, change of weather now i have a cold, just my luck, dont seem to be having much luck lately... life sucks at the mo
well i obviosuly missed evcery single one
is so incredibly exhausted it isnt even funny. i hope i talk to you tomorrow... since i didnt today
my jaw is aching and my elbows. roll on may 15th next doc appointment.
its just me waiting to meet my prince
ok so yeah . . . its still snowing
im gonna go and eat...i have school tomorrow
coke zero mobile site broken... on iphone anyway...
mangerial accounting ...
off to teach spinning...and hopefully find my missing shirt
weve got too many resources these days... but we aint doing anything lets do somthing!!
its a great time of year to eat too much! but then, we must diet.
having casual, unprotected tweets with twats ill probably never see again. my mom will be so dissapointed
waiting to hear back from people i emailed... heading to work to do more transcribing... fun...
is bucks is a non halal? really? i just saw one of tweets in my friends timeline. to be honest, i never saw halal certificates either
i know the feeling about getting your coworkers sick , oh well , think i got my cold from one
hey jon, hope youre feeling better, wheres your daily tweets, we miss you
quotbruce springsteen embarks on world tour.quot apparently, oz is on some other, unworldly planet
thinking of all the people in italy and their families
my parents wouldnt let me go to movies
gets to speak to my boyfriend til about 3! so happy! but then cant speak to him til may! that may hurt a little!!
everyone will have that kind of feeling... i had that kind of feeling when i graduated from high school too...
i think a headache is in the works
i cant sign into to twitter o my web on my phone
me too!, although im still going hehe
headed to spend the day in acres of tulips...missing someone bad though
i want diana f. it looks great...
twittering on my ipod touch cuz my computer is not working
the cupboards are bare
my vacations almost done back to work soon..
goodness me, how did you find me?? its good to hear from you ben! i still have your video game and book...i apologize
this has been one of the best and worst days of my life...had the time of my life during morning...since 5...blah
so basically...im in love with my x...and im talking to someone new...hes really nice and i dont know wat to do
ipl starts early in morning... will miss my first match.
hoping my camera isnt broken
thanks for your prayers, these days are very difficults
is phoneless ...now off too sleep
someone please take gossip girl away from me. im addicted
atlantic iowa doesnt sound good
missing my honey bunches today
need my claudia
headin out for the evening its all about a house party. no lipgloss
ok, no gold, nate lost the first round
too far away. nearest is in dubuque
this is not nicki minaj im sorry for the lies and decieves i just really love her and she didnt have a twitter...bye guyys
i miss you.
that brawl was a let down, guys ahaha. go adam hunter!
back from school, now doing the papers
well bed time now. 1 am. sighs back to 6 am mornings for a week on wednesday.
i just bawled my eyes out watching marley and me.
sorry to hear about the loss of your pezpet
on train home, full of saturday shoppers and daytime drinkers... oh what a life it must be to have a saturday off work
laser quest was a lot of fun. i came in 6th. cliff kicked ass. i had the best grilled cheese sandwich tonight. im sad my 3 weeks are up
is gonna start revising for exams in may
regulatin high school byrdz n delinquentz is not how i wanna spend dis beautiful day... 6.5 more hours
same here looks really nice but just that little bit too cold to be pleasant
leavin for shauns. fuck grandparents get around slow. text me or tweet me. you stopped textin me
argh! spoiler!!!
youre lucky youre in a very cold place. im meltingggg.
i know. i was pretty psyched myself, sorry.
i do that tooo to my waffles!! i ? it, please dont talk about waffles because i been craving it for 2 months
cedar falls are looking for therapists, if only i could drive!!! id love to work there...
you tease but thank you
dear ipod pls to be coming back to me nao. where are you? i cant find youuuuu. dont be lost!
140 characters is almost never enough for anything.
im so sad i wont be able to chat with my american friend for ages.
insomnia has got the best of me again... ohhh so tired and cant find sleep
you jerk! i wanted to watch 17 again it too
i normally go with pumpkin patch, but a bit skint at the minute
sad day. cleaned my bike up last night, started it, ready to go. this morning no start. c left for prescott wo me.
not feeling well...
the sun has given me a terrible headache
is afraid that her g.i. notes will not read themselves.
jack cant wait until he gets hom from the vet. my leg hurts
ive been good! i dont even see you on campus! how have you been? miss you!
still here, though the site is gone
sad to know arsenal lost to chelsea in fa cup
watching tv till bed then work whoo hoo!
ate too many peanut butter sandwiches
is stressing over bloody assignments. i hate them so much. woot. just finished art one. tourism and 2 tafe assignments to goooo. daaaammm
ditto
but thts annoying ampdefinitely not bitchy enough he def broke like everything in me. he prolly doesnt even kno oct. 5!
man that sounds good.. i cant eat anything but soup amp spaghettios, so everything sounds incredible.
all my places of solitude on line are being taken over by a stalker is nothing in my world to be sacred anymore?!
wish could be in jkt for shaaynas birthday on thursday
im tired of my job
watching dj emir battle his computer for supreme ruler of the studio. i think the computer is winning
is sad about this weather. i miss cali
my phone is mia
i need to do some errands today
...but twitter seems to be taking up my email time at the moment
good morning tom! why cant i send you a message? this is too short for the question i have well to bad for me i guess..
i think i may have said thing that could have made some angry sorry for that, truly
wooooooooo finally i got a feed on winamp ive been out for an entire effin hour
got a bit of a hot and poorlyish boy on my hands atm. poor baby
looks like it will be a quick series for the pistons i doubt ill stay up to watch the wings
i now have a headache from that huge lollipop.
too bad im sick cant enjoy the killers like i wanna
just got home myself! i had an event i asked you to swing by!
woohoo! 72 degrees here in sunny pennsylvania today should be riding the harley not working but .... had to work
time to go to le airport
glad you still like it! still want one of my own hahaha, but i dont have the time to make one...
a but she will be on tomorrow 4. i will still watch her show even though you guys persecute me. are you far away?
right around 6 months. so shes a supercute angel in the daytime nighttime lately turns her into a scream factory.
i am off to bed gotta be up early for work night night sexuals lol xx
laundry! i got no money for new clothes so i guess id better wash the ones i have!
taking the taks test today. also, its been one year.
fellow philip glass lovers, have you seen this? hes in concert miami u next wed but im speaking somewhere
missed 24 and the hills now i have to catch up tomor.. but i have real housewives ugh i need to figure out my priorities
morning all. gave the cat his tablet this morning... what a mission that is! he knows what were up to now and prepares for battle
is upset that she couldnt find quotchurch of the flying spaghetti monsterquot on twitter to follow
getting ready for work, sort of. i dont wanna go.
goodmorning it sucks having a cold when its 78 degrees outside
back to schooling tomorrow, prepolice course at tafe. lookin forward to meeting class mates, not lookin forward to 830am start in city
throw in leopard and ill not only buy a bundle ill get 5 others to do the same! most aps require leopard, and me no gots.
watching harry potter and the order of the phoenix. need to start working, but got work on the mind. 12 hours in hell tomorrow. fun
if only nrl matches were 40 minutes long, roosters would win every time
im stuck on chapter 3 incineration destination.
food, tv, chillin and nice sleep... i wish u could be here wit me babe!
sometimes its just best for me to stay curious rather than find out the bitter truth
haah is it? i havent seen it really sad, id love to. i mean, it looks amazing
is tired and has a headache.
just done 2 rick rolls. but then avoided it
guh well i dont get outta work til a little after 4 so i guess just go with wandyland or something. ill go alone
dude, i live for your tweets. miss tdoto
they booked jones beach which is smaller than most ampitheatres so im thinking theres something else up with dmb and denverco
was super lucky to get a seat on the train. we pay ï½40 for this 25 min journey.
trying really hard not to get sick from all of the stuff i just took to get rid of my cough.
boredamptired. miss the stayback time
ummmm i wanna come!
lol. oh well. this is pretty cool anyways.
family took rumzi to spring creek in mansfield for his 32nd bd! cant find my glasses for reading.
hey kids ! i am back and i still have coke zero but no skittles . time to dance !! yay random song title time !!! hypeeeeeeeeeeeeeeer !!!
oprah needs to go! she is johnny come lately and here for shallow hipness.. plus the flood of commercial interest that followed her here.
hey peoples...i am working on homework sucks but it will be worth it in the end, i am a phoenix!!!!
tissues are mandatory, im told. unfortunately book doesnt come with them. sorry
still lost...loll
sofar, this is hella boring
ugh. second night in a row that i sleep for only three or four hours. this hurts.
sorry i updated!! im addicted and must tweet!!!
im lonely keep me company! 22 female, albany new york
it sucks cuz i sorta want to sleep but the friends hubby is watching tv on my bed i.e. the couch. im sad
my grand daughter is sick
awww asot400
gmail is very ropey for me today
and just hit me.. want to go out to study.. so mayb quota for cooking is not over..
finding it tough to do school workplanningmarking, as having been ill most of easter ill get hardly anything i need to do done
is feeling so hot i hate the winter...
still working
twit help how do i remove twitter column from tweet deck. i set it to stay signed in, its not budging and i dont want it there anymore
some sun, clouds, rain!... no,again.. some sun, clouds, rain!... again..
omg!!! madonna fell from another horse. this is crazy. i hope she is alright
good morning saturday !!! ...ehh spring break is almost over
i just got a text from sarah
just read a bunch of tfktrevors tweets...he duznt sound like an awesome christian. ignorance mostly. but tfks still 1 to me.
woops i did that wrong.
traffic to coachella is a biatch. think well miss joss stone
multiple books at a time. although i have a bad habit of not finishing books
sorry that you are having some troubles!
im dressed as a panda today!! i want this to be my new facebook picture no camera... u_u
woops got chocolate milkshake on my white top s grr my top lt3
i hated finding unagi on the red list in s sushi buying guide.
chris and i have been up for over an hour and a half while the rest of the family sleeps. yay pacific time!
no time for breakfast...
getting ready to go to school on a saturday sigh
is probably going to the doctor tomorrow...my back hurts so bad
is it over yet??? i dozed off.. ufc
up for the grand prix, safety car start
thats fine. not sure about forecast though
back hurts and i dont know why
thanks... also argh. and gah. and a bit of meh.
is sad cause its time to get up
im at 900 words, its all can do ill finish tomorrow maybe
tireedddddd, i miss hilton head island amp beaufort. marrweeeennies
wow i missed a lot on twitter last night!!....im soo sleepy
currently watching quotroommatesquot. i miss the nyc!!!
losing at risk. as usual
its so wrong to be in work on a sunday
lol. well. glad youre almost done. i never get called.
im sad... cause doesnt reply me yet...
im at a safety meeting hope its not too long. i miss sora!
going to school soon.nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
plug on train once again doesnt work
blazers lost huge. at least im about to eat a good raw steak...got to move past this game and focus on game 2!
there not playing till 5.15, cant watch tho , its on setanta
sick on top of my chronic issues...home work even though i just had 3 weeks off and have a short week this week! just so ill... blah!
got stuff to do n dont wanna do it im sleepy, i need a nap
my boo is leaving me. well at least he made half the night go by fast.
bennys out.
stupid daylight savings endingcold weather. im exhausted
damn, macbook still have problems... now some extension are broken... airport and usb stuff... it could a problem not t have wifi...
unless i want to see will for a day and a half every week for god knows how long, then no
is saying goodbye to her momma for 4 months..
there is this letter infront of me and i know wats in it stuff 2 do wid trey songz and i really wnt 2 open it bt i cant, its not mine
thanks dear... we had two more tremors today, im ok but the poor people in laquila are really in difficulty
sometimes i just wanna be home
had planned to go to miami but christina changed her mind! dont want to stay in greece for easter
only one day left . i hate school
cardinals lost...again!
ok! drinking the wine dont wanna lose my drunk state.
i need coffee and breakfast but hubs wont wake up and bring it to me
it was pretty gross
i love p.f.changs!! why wasnt i invited?
my first final is in 13 days
is going to school. on sunday. in the middle of her holiday. waah!
oh no, definitely not a stranger to house. just havent watched last nights episode yet. not looking forward to it now.
cant eat, drink or breath thanks to the bad throat infection
havent been to bed yet. the perks of unemployment and yes, apparently your twitterberry updates do come through.
anyone else sick of folks who dont understand twitter constantly bashing on it for how quotstupid and pointless it isquot uninformed ftl
still awake my husbands granny just passed away......
please come to manchester soon. please please reply .. x
i love people that bang on the fucking window at 959 am and scream russian at me!!! why couldnt hitler win?
i have just started listening to spotify should i upgrade and miss roberta??
im a selfish idiot. ive managed to do some stupid things this weekend. im just sorry.
i cant dance.
studying for a german exam 2morrow... is it against some sort of rule to have an exam on a sunday? well it should be. wish i was on pearl
this sucks
please dont call school off.
. yes! i really wanna go bad but i have to work
is stuck between 2 worlds. which one is the right one? i think i know but....can someone else be me until this is over lol
i look so scary right now!!!
no internet at home, have to drive into ox to use internet because of builders!
insomnia kickin in i hate this!!!
hollis death scene will hurt me severely to watch on film wry is directors cut not out now?
catching up with fb, email, but i cant catch up with twitter
its ur fave aussie lol i was going to come to mansions tonite and ended up ordering room service! next time!!
2 classes til 130.. then work til 6. tomorrow will be a very long day
i had a horrible nightmare last night which affected my sleep, now im really tired
i really am jealous
singapore is too boring
something is wrong. i killed my ipod touch in seven hours.
it is way to cold this morning... i dont wanna get out of bed... but i have to
this weekend is goign exactly as i thought it would. yippee for me.
tweetdeck seems to have died on me need to find a reliable twitter platform. any ideas?
i had a classic tr6 convertible roadster totaled one night by a drunk woman in a huge buick. parked on the street at gfs. sob
i just realized, my day isnt complete until bo pulls a quotjuuust kidddinggg!quot on me. hahahah, he always gets me.
is it just me, or she hates anoop. i mean seriously, shes kinda mean to him.
its sad knowing how they found her body. what a crazy world we live in. no child deserves that ya know.
aw mr schofe how dare people accuse you of being so irresponsible
a world with our rules or limits, a world where anything is possible. hmm sounds like nietzsches nihilism. is that the takeaway message?
ok...only a couple more weeks of doing school work at random times because im a procrastinator i really need to fix that
it is still eighteen hours until dim sum time.
are you going to do the show in cardiff...nothing ever seems to come to wales.
sick cant wait to go back to my room and sleeeeep.
me either! i would have been ... 10 years ago! i have to get up earlyish tomorrow so i dont think i should set the alarm
not like im an important presence on twitter, but i will probably not be updating from the internet until after i get married too busy.
ew i hate when i put lotion on before i sleep and then my roommates turn up the heater! i slept 30 min and now i have a full day ahead!
im a mess this am...hmm i planned the bfs suprise bday 4 him so ill be busy wit that amp then probably jus chill..u?
is going to curl up with a cup of tea and a book and hope she feels better soon
so many questions for the next battlestations podcast. well do our best, but we cant possibly answer them all.
no i wish.. we should all be down next wknd tho
oops, hit enter! im not too bad today thanks still hava bloody sore throat tho
completely failed to upload my cute picture... format too big
new iphone, yay! not restoring backup, no! stupid apple.
it was supposed to be warm today. now its raining
i just cant spell today, i totally suck
waiting to go to the dentist and wondering when this flippin cold is gonna go!! i feel poorly
i miss you. and i hate you. i wanna go on pirates! and i have seriously been daydreaming about moving to la. scary.
just woke up. i have sooooo much btec music work to do today
i know!! weathers supposed to be crap though
i wish i could go, but im in montreal. other side of the continent
all the kings men we rule pray just pray
got to go iron dave has work 2moro will be back in like an hour....
wishing we had fast internet now....not in 8 years!
id suggest that the cure friday i mean, tug. sorry
poor sandra cantu. my heart goes out to her family and friends. rest in peace little one!
im frankly disappointed and offended that there is a blogger writing against fu penguin
argh. i hate him too. i have a feeling its going to stop by next year. but i dont want it to
lol goodnight
the kasabian single that is played on the sony bravia zoetrope ad is not available until june. probably not the best way to sell music.
well. i officialy lost but i still want to hit 100! doesnt matter that i have to dress up as a mariachi band member lol
im so slow today i need to finish this, but there is too many distractions!!! focus, focus!
im lonely keep me company! 22 female, duluth minnesota
hating how both the guys i like are also liked by two of my best friends ill never catch a break.
is now waiting and wanting people 2 follow her
soooo....who moved my frontpage case? i need my key...please give it back pretty please.
gonna hit the sack. massive day of uni
going out to dinner itquots too early!
heading to bed watching the golden girls missing someone special
arse, totally forgot about a webinar that i wanted to attend this morning. now ill never know how to secure virtualised environments
got to go to the physios soon
rendering 1080p particle animations to put up on istock for sale... render farm maxed out need more servers...
in the apple store today jack said quotmommy i have to pee...a too late!quot opps!
so am i!
i have a lot of earth day amp conservation pages amp books in my website. sadly the elections have dominated everything
omg the ice cream van just turned up. i dont even have ï½1 in my purse for a 99 the bends is getting me v excited about reading tho y
you really should put your website url on your twitter profile. took me a while to find it.
i have an ear infection so i played hookie from work and here i am a twitterholic lol
despite having like... no sleep, its been awesome. wish could have been with us. one more day on con!
?? ????????????? email ????? ?? provider!
opening a partially frozen beer beer on the toaster, under the oven and all over the counter. the kitchen smells like we run a speakeasy
i just got a lot of free shot up my nose. gross. anyone find my keys?
dont, please i havent spoken to him! in all the times ive known him, i have never had the chance to be alone with him!
nothing you?
so many insecurities and stress just because im moving to a new room
i totally agree... i have both of them half way done and wanted them completed by today
reeling from the news that an 11 and a 10 year old are to be charged with attempted murder maybe it should be the parents in the dock?
ps im the thick, effeminate sounding one.
still waiting for my new layout
dont lose it
are you a vfactory fan? cause i am and im french. but they dont answer me
no o2 gprs anyone else with issues?
spilled one of my coffee plants
iphone restore is going to take too long. am i truly going to have to go without my phone tonight? a terrifying prospect
gah. my wrist is still hurting
i need dibs
yeah ploughed around there last night.. .but nothing happening
wont be able to make it got stuck running around! have a pint for me! ill see you on monday. go gunners
i threw my sign at donnie and he bent over to get it but it was under a thingee so he made a sad face at me
im not feeling well
was only there for a day didnt make it to any comedy clubs. next time!
there is much to be said for drunken singing. shopping time now, plans for party under way! doctors apts but must be done. spring here!
didnt u tweet about verizon fios problems before? crap! i just signed up
i just started crying out of nowhere i hate being here more then anything
uh.. i think i just canceled the whole installation...
tigger lost his bounce.
no i do not sadly. i wish i did. but im not allowed. xd and none of my friends have it. lol
my prince was watching me while the photograph took my photos.... embarrassing...
and now i should find the courage to open the books
that link just takes you to the mlb shop main page
i cant get past 30 landings
fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
no jaunt. i had to be work early and i couldnt imagine getting up any earlier
last day disney
back home wish i was still in cabo
same here. dont really want to go back to work tomorrow. we should start our own business doing nothing and getting paid for it.
aww i already did
richelle is not feeling well. staying home to tend to wife.missing barcamp orlando today
bored from doing homework what is pingping doing?
awww ive been trying to get you played on the radio and they not playing u
im soooo cold right now
just wondering how much more hotter chennai is gonna get in may!
hope someone is having spring weather because its snowing in tc right now
hiya which slides do you mean? your contact photo in bw? had minor crisis too and had to replace all contacts so no photos
hi sweetie, thats really mean people taking your food
whenever i start making something in php, i get bored in 2 or 3 days i am so used to asp.net that never gets me bored
no riches? boo. i shall be posting the speshul item to you tomorrow...
oh, that doesnt sound good.
ryan is doing his and ems fy07 tax returns im pretty sure i used to do other things at midnight on a saturday!
should have stayed my ass home!!! haha
we have both on dvd...but, the first is missing because of little ones hiding it
went to bed at 8pm and now wide awake at 4 am. i dont have to be to work until 830. this is going to be a long day
its true. good thing i have my stephen pillow! ...its losing its stephenness though
gettin up and gettin ready to do some more taxes.
cant sleep anymore
im lonely keep me company! 22 female, fort worth texas
i hate spring. i found a centipede that could scare the living daylights out of hercules and antsquashing has become a regular hobby...
just arrived from site! so damn hoooot! cant imagine how hooot would it be in the coming months!
in odd saddened state of shock, grandpa passed away
so yep got about 2 hours of sleep
dslr user forum and website down again this morning.
going to sleep. hoping tomorrow is a better day.
ya, i know they were hard! but i procrastinated but then i said,quotya know, im just gonna do these!quot xd i hate poems!!!!
the twins loath their bid for a perfect season
omg what is going on with my yankees 214
lol i bet. dont want to go to work xx
just finished a test! not a good thing considering it was mostly an essay test.
i want tacos and margarhitas telll gay i say hellolt3
hahahahhaha hm it is better so you can save and by then have a roommate but that sucks you wont be here this summer
going to attempt to attend the comedy festival tonight. couldnt get tickets to steven k amos
what and it missed it this is a travesty.
my laptop is acting hella retarded.
thanks! poor puff is just getting old!!
i didnï½t even get an answer if he will be in germany........ hahaha.
we dont get to see season 5 of hills till may
you shouldnt have gone
no post or even any email, nobody loves you when your down, id take a long walk but dont have energy to get out of chair
has the worst headache ever
that is soo messed up, why on earth would someone let someone drive drunk let alone someone who one loves someoen could of died
photo taking names and kicking arse gouache on second hand canvas i struggle with painting
somehow ive achieved the magical status of of followersgtfollowing, yet my twitter page is still dominated by my own tweets
now you cant see other peoples number of updates
ok im going to kick pete wentzs butt the weather is pretty now! im heart broken.
studying for the loseee. one chapter down, two more to go.
ohno! wang!!!
is doing journal work theres no way im gonna have it done for monday gt_gt
got saturday school tomorrow blah hate saturday school sleepover in couple weeks xd
im so bord i have nothing to do i wish my friends went busy
lets go dbacks!! opening day was great too bad i had to watch it from work instead of from the ballpark. game 2 tonite !!
in history class. learning about the slaves. im bored
no i havent, i tried downloading it and it said error 1206 made me mad.
back to audio...i think today is going to be a total audio day...which means we have to create the intro and outro animations tomorrow
my phone is off. but i do have a new number and other ways to reach me until then. me. message me with your numbers please! thank you.
im so exhausted but i cant sleep
bed... work in am
i broke my toe
woke up about 3 hours later than i had intended the joys of staying up to watch a basketball game in the us, which my team lost.
you left me
seriously, i should not be this tired. i need deep sleep, not this pissy tossing and turning moan moan moan!
having nerves shredded by the atrocity known as vista. gates and ballmer should really be executed for this evil garbage.
i had a dream last nite that i could twitter from my fone. one thing i hate bout my fone!
going for a shower amp brush my teeth, dont wanna go to work
dentist later, im hoping its my teeth plates and nothing as nasty as last time...
ganguly no longer kkr captain
why i get unfollowed?
no one at my new job knows its my birthday, so sadly i see no big cookie in my future.
is sad i wasnt able to go to the hob tonight
feels so right to be beside her. wish i could hold her. gonna have to leave soon
dont work late
studying for our exams done bio, halfway english amp math and gonna start with spanish and history while everone else is in vacation
i go back to work on monday. i am going to go through serious twitter withdrawal.
i have a lovehate relationship with weekends. love no work... hate lonely
interesting. that laptop charger was 80 bucks!!
waitting for seconed class
ahhh i just got a twitter yay but i cant put up a pic it wont let me
why can you not come up north and see us?
good morning for a very rainy france no gardening for me today.
just got done watching the saddest movie the boy in the striped pajamas
nothin interestin on tv tonight lol
when we lived in hawaii we always had orchids in the house..unfortunately, i killed them all
have you tried the kschocolat dipping easter eggs not the best though
those morningside mo, bakker people are impossible to get a hold of. ive been trying for days.
nah the aus one doesnt have bluetooth im def getting it now
still bleak with my iphone.. which i was totally in love with ..
bio test was easy, which means i probably failed
how is it that i am more heart broken about 5 today then yesterday!!!!
this isnt fair. i hate this, its just another reason. d
i love and hope she is not mad at me i can be a real jerk sometimes...
i thought i was the only one with quottabitisquot... i get quotattachedquot to the open tabs with articles, code, etc...
tried to download tweetdeck but it wont download
never sees any girls she likes on canal street
texas is far from phx! lol what part?
210am. last day of freedom. going back to jail tomorrow. hahaha. aka school!
r u ok?? do u need anything?
as much as it sucks he is there...retirement time
missing my twitter folks these last couple days. havent been on much.
going to bed not feeling so great
btw electric this monday
thx friend. i wasnt going to play butler to her anyway. shes had another rough teenage nite these girls r complety twisted!!
ps sorry i didnt make it tonight, was just exhausted and depressed and didnt want to do much of anything. miss you...
tonights episode of house incredibly sad. and it has nothing to do with meatloafs usual bad acting.
damn ... at the ufc fight.
is grumpy she is no ones bestest friend
my ctrlt doesnt work on firefox so i need that tab button
head got bashed by a door today.
thats a terrible idea...it would make me sad
just couldnt sleep last night. working 7a3p, than dinner with megan. happy bday jl!
had a test today. i didnt know we had a test today. past with an 88. but i could have done better
i am loving spending time with my bestie nic! so sad gotta go home tonight tears. will be back again tomorrow for more fun!
still feeling bleh... spew burps and all
will likely be unable to attend crying all the way home
ohhh!!! i love to go out with you but unfortunately i am in another country
because its easier to doubt than trust
peters back from work ill
bored as hell but working... what will this rainy day bring me... miss my boo
too tired to even go under the blanket.
the phils lost and brad lidge blew a save
me too girl thesis thesis.
gonna finally go to sleephello almost 4am!
oh my gosh... oh my gosh...susy is going to kill me with her remedy.
i just got out of the swimming pool too! and i got super dark
where the hell the holidays go i was doing homework and instill run out of time
its beautiful out! these r the days when i hate being stuck inside with homework
you should love brazil more than amsterdam hahaha
still hurting. still cant eat chunky monkey ice cream.
goin to bed to start, what im assuming is going to be a short weekend
as part of freeview? we dont get the sports channel
preproduction set up amp test run 2day starting 3. absolutely gorgeous day out today. have 2 go up 2 cogan station 1st yuck love always
im so tired of this i just want you back home where you belong .. things arent meant to end this way
good luck meghan! tests suuuck
idky!! he doesnt like them!! frowning
listening to oldies radio show, going through dozens of boxes of crap... yippeee, this is my saturday night
t minus 35minutes to go home. well not home. but to do laundry. at home. kindof. the laundry is at home. but the washer and dryer isnt.
its snowing today, like full christmas kind of snow
my dog is sick
please dont .
you mean africans coming to american getting married and living happily ever after with a green card isnt true?
babe aint callin
ias awake, but has to go into school today
getting ready to drive an hour to get my iphone replaced again praying this one is better then the last 2?
went out drinkin last night... realize how old im getting by length of recovery time
the estate? whats that? really dont go out on the wknds cause i work
unfortunally i forgot my macbook at home in bremen so i have to work with a windows pc and to be honest and i hate it
is going to bed, not even with a kittycat, just a blanket. what a night.
homeworkkk
girlfriend having surgery tomorrow, lets hope this does get rid of the goddamned abscess
a boring weekend
ahhhhh so when are you leaving? will you not make friday?
billy rays new album is fantastic. im listening it on itunes. id buy it but its not out in aus make it come out here!
dude i wish i could.im in ohio.
sorting the kitchen out!
stuck indoors with the flu and missing my sisters parma party tonight.
i must admit, im a little pissed ppl r starting to get hip to drake. ... n correction, not just my sorors, my chapter! e? baby all day!!
oh hope its not to bad i kiss it better
lauren just had to change the channel to a horror movie! i dont think ill be able to sleep tonight
my mom made cupcakes and put jello in them. jello! why would someone put jello in cupcakes?! i cant eat them now.
were not going outta town
hunwick is in the hospital
bah, annoyed i cant go running with my fractured sternum. probably another 2 weeks before i can. will miss the next fell race
yeah 3 more hours, maybe sooner please pray. 50 of my health is all i need to make money. but ban im developing a minor cough
in joule library, but no good books to read
sick in bed. googled snot. still dont understand why its decided to take up april lodgings in my skull.
ack, lakeline mall?!? you were just right around the corner from me aww pity i didnt see earlier
yeah, apparently i have really bad taste
waiting for my shout out from
needs sleep but cant do it
just cleaned out my fridge and freezer. you dont want to know how much i chucked out.
i hear you! i just ran out and dont even have tea
did you guys see that mmochampion are wiping their hall of fame as freya thorim and general is getting made harder?
im so heart borken! i found two amazing shirts but can only buy one! shopping is a dangerous obsession!
wow. that is impressive. my son 6 is not there at all yet. were still on dr. seusss feet, feet feet how many feet you meet
you were right...i didnt make it to class this morning
emeryville is a very fenceheavy city. also, ive never met a fence i couldnt climb. but now my hands are dirty
i just repierced my ears
doesnt want to wake up at 5am for work not cool
waking up to the sound of jackhammers is not a pleasant way to start the day.
rain on a saturday a lot of people at the mall, damn working!
i want pizzaaaa.
my hand hurts from playing so much last night
god, please help me... i dont know what to do with a father like him
some people make me so angry
english revision class
lol! crystal palace just scored
just wanna have the greatest friends ever...
i think i lost my best friend today...feeling blue
omg i wanna meet the twilight cast
with cody, but that was horrible. never again. im traumatized
iphones not working...i feel so alone
oh, no fair i was lookin for her
get em! have a good show!!! wish i was able to make it out there again...booo to me! i gotta catch another one soon!
first season yes, descended into creepy teen boy humour in season 2 still lt3 muldermoody though.
they are what date are you going to see them? xx
kid dressed as an angel using jesus head for a trickortreat bag. faded all to fuck
thats damn sad hope things will be fine after gud lunch...
still at work until 7am..
someone somewhere didnt like sheepish
i miss and already. long drive home!
no problem, i will try to find that article though, my computer for work blew up last week and i lost all my research
is not having a good week
i cant believe it. i got my answer and didnt have to ask the question. this feels awful.
how to get tickets 4 sold out quotgive it a name festivalquot on sat?
death toll from mondays earthquake in italy is now at 207
rachael yamagata duet, augustanasweet and low acoustic, mayday parade miserable at best...oh me and my depressing music
im missing grey gardens because i dont have hbo
i found it pretty frustrating. stupid monkeys
working through a really bad headache!
ok well i think i just got a spoiler for this episode, i havent seen it yet, im in the uk!! gutted now.
snow? ugh go away, i miss the warmth.
coke!? 20 minority stake? really? not april fool? can you give it back? so depressing. you were a favourite brand. sad
needs a ride to work im not liking the pospect of the 84 bus!
right there with you on the migraines. had one since yesterday.
did the gardening, got some trees to plant as had to cut down a dead one. getting some more fish as the heron dined dined out on 20 odd
crap. i need more dresses too.
i think about how i never saw a man in a kilt my whole visit.
sweet pic guys!! thanks for being there for me when my dog meko died. may she r.i.p.
seems like twitter is glitching again... last two tweets have been stuck the top... crawls back under social networking rock
my ass is so cold.
yay! someone i know! i cant find anyone i know on here
your average industry ï½nilla porno doesnï½t even start around a coffee table anymoreï½ what the hell?
mmmm study study study ooof procrastination such an aggravation.
lets hit the showers tweets...cant have you stinking up the place! oh wait thats me
i like their albums_but if this is what they sound like live nowadays i dont think i need to fret any over their photo policy
you sure did do some tweets, and i missed them glad to see youre enjoying urself, always nice to hear from you. x
yes! it is my last day today. tomorrow, i head to cefalu! so sad about abruzzo, my heart goes out to those people
dang didnt get through either , again after this song?
finished off da heavy packing..cannot sleep though oh well ill just hang out
just had a vns implanted which didnt help and had it turned off. 36,000 attempt to help her...failed.
i wish there were more people that i know irl on twitter....lame.
i tried tweetdeck too and it never would work. after downloading the air file a prompt said it was probably corrupted.
i need to think about newer cpus, cuda and excessive clustering... i dont really have 72645 years to get my calculations done...
just got home and i already want to go back! i lt3 offroading
actually it done it all its self. it jumped off my lap, i did try to stop it
morning fam! jouvert is overrrr ...buttt up next is road march! wuuuut!
good morning. i have to go out to the coldness.... its 4.... unbelievable! as soon as i graduate im going back to the south.
, i double that.
i cant sleep getting bored of csi and not sure how to work this dvd player! should probably figure that out soon... lol
hope you are ok james
tshirt toss! none for us
man! ak wow. serious short season up there, huh? who knows where ill be mid may prolly not la.
id love to but im at work now
stomach ache
why didnt fob come to glasgow, scotland this year? i was i had to listen to the gig over the phone!!! wb!
push sucked!! ugh... i think i actually just threwup in my mouth....bleh
strings to cstrings
almost 430 am and im still here.... i wanna go home...
nicole replied to every single pcdfan in my followinglist, just not me. im really really sad right now
no use for me. i stay in the mountains, next to yetis cave. no coverage for me...
at opening daythe commerce bank quotcquot mascot just walked by. the bank is changing its namewill the quotcquot lose its job?
still hasnt gone to sleep at its past 5 30am! feeling sad
hehe..making more competition for myself! .. im going to try to pen something for your cartoon of mariel amp family
had to cut my round short
dreams had to speak at night honoring michelle obama as fashion icon. did so wearing her clothes. got pee on them while changing.
wishes he was seeing m.i.a at coachella right now. ive seen her there twice before and i feel like im missing out up here in portland
jonesy? mcfly must come to germany. when you love amsterdam youll love germany too. were waiting for you! please tweet back
all the fightin and name callin, i can still run 2 my sister! nite...
guess ill play call of duty, no online tho cuz mah computer aint here
searching for a job!
in another boring meeting
i also hate the word older in that context lush should be reserved for describing vegitation only
so i guess theres a war for the 1st non celeb to have a million followers.. lets do it!! ha ha... i need to try to get 100 first
gutted to discover is going to make a digital version of the cardboard totaliser im making for wesharedi bluepeter
why am i awake 8am on a sat morning?? whyyyyyyyy
bad day
the earthquake in italy happened to be near my familys heritage...
debugging other peoples code is definitely a pet hate of mine!! comments do help but is still a right pain
missed part of my favourite radio show.
ooh all caps again
but.. but.. but.. im not a big fan on camilla belle
entered a poker tourney. lost after 3 hands fml
says aww. maintenance ang pet society.
wishing it wasnt 245 in the morning. sleeping is awesome, work is not, and i need to scrub my apt!
completing reports and meetings this morning. interviewing people this afternoon, busy bee today blurrgghh
i am setting a new goal for the month of april. by april 30, i want to have watched all the 24 that i have missed so far, which is all
just reminded me that krispykreme has landed in msia and has an ugly website
dang... sounds fun.. but sadly no lol
so sad. want to cry.
vomit. urgh
i concur w ur feelings about ppl
needs hugssnuggles...
same... dont wanna go to work today care to give me the day off??
cant come. my jet not available on thursday.
i would like to apologize for the repeated video games live related tweets. i am going to have a stern discussion with koodo soon. stern.
jenny, noooooo
sorry for the next tweet...
is lonely and eating cookie dough ice cream
its sprained!! so glad im on holidays
i told yoooo... and i asked you for ur number as well but pictures comminup this week
ugh. at coachella and cant find my friends
shiner is taking up all my bed and blankets!
sad the weekend is over
danm i wanted to hear that studying sucks
oooohhhhhh sorry is he a texan too?
boo. the brewers are def not off to a good start
i just wasted a sheet of paper! i dont know what to draw anymore might turn in early tonight, just not up to staying up late tonight.
iiiii havent slept yet and i have to be at work in 40 minutes. boo
i thats what i figured. that story was so romantic, i was sad when it ended lol
i love house, but certainly did not appreciate the massive spoiler that was posted on my facebook news feed by the show!
these days i dont feel like twittering, dont know why...
missing my hubby, home alone
they are out of breakfast at school. i want my smoothie
sorry i missed you today. let me know if you andor ed come to oklahoma or texas again. ed is amazing!
boo. my jam
i just left my lover. i miss him. lt3
so tired.. havent slept
ahh i dont think i can tonite
tuesday ... long day ahead ...
i am in a cul de sac
no, nothing
hung up my first load of wash. lets hope it will get dry. heard it is supposed to rain
why has my itunes ceased working?? i was in the middle of loading no doubts singles collection on my ipod
wtf!? is that the one from decembers trip to gc? that makes me sad did you find out what actually went wrong with it?
ok, i am done twitting...got to get in bed. good night.
doing make up shit
im lonely keep me company! 22 female, madison wisconsin
very
i just set up a twitter profile for one of my colleagues and noticed hes got a much more swish sidebar how do i get that?
poor you! esp. if the tummeh is rumbling... i hope she gets there soon!
yay! got an email from nicky but sadness she cant make it this june or july
feels like an only child, i miss licia and jojo
i also want easter break pï½sklov!
pissed coz a friend is to busy to see me2day
stupid female biology has me feeling really sick. played soccer with my dog a little, but im exhausted and in pain. gah. t please?
i dont feel like revision.
unless youre at the epicenter
laterr hunn!! arghh hope i dont miss any tweets lol..gunna be at my nans later!! nooo byeeee x x x
thats cool i love long john silvers dude! i just got my king sized bed set up! woohoo! i think jacobs mad at me im just not sure why...
ummm so i have to wait until 6am for the video
like what? theres nothing to do
it it counts, idk why i did either. you never talk to me anymore
have to update my picture cos i look old and fat. oh i am old and fat playing badminton is not working on weight
i ripped the crotch of my jammies
dancing with myself.... im not emo!!! want to write a song....
sickk in class essay tomorrow last day of school on thurs woooohhh
has loads of homework
is in love with scrappy and is missin him already
its been a long day, now im sleeping alone.
pretty much just scary for me
misses all my friends!
to answer your question...i didnt wake up till 1 pm yesterday so i didnt go hiking next weekend? down?
i hate hospitals
work sucks today sleepy becca back tomorroooo
wheat bread from the dollar store just doesnt toast nicely going over my taxes and calling it an early night
tomorrow is the last day of spring break for me im a huge fan from ireland by they way . your an awesome actress singer!
is catching up on his tv shows while getting ready to work this whole weekend
its not as painful as b4...but that ugly bruise is still there and idk how to do that thing on my phone bc im dumb
hate. my. laptop!!! hours to go through email its so slow. i hardlly ever turn on tweetdeck, itunes, or visit blogs anymore bc of it.
so i signed onto curly tails twitter site and i have no idea how to get it to work on my blackberry i feel like my mom drea
eyes are so droopy but alarm clock has completely woken me up.
true. i never ever win the amazing giveaways.
im jealous you went to the cherry blossom festival
i just donï½t get it. what am i supposed to do here?
got home. a parcel that was meant for me was delivered at our neighbours house, but theyre not home...
starting a short lunch break. must be short. my paper is not as far as it was planned to be at this time of day
first set done, my heads not into it. brother sounds good but he keeps looking over like hes worried about me.
that the reason why im like that
is tired of wearing skids!!
yeah im goin to sleep...my phone didnt listen, no sweat it out....
you left without saying hi!
i actually saw a site where they do that but that just made me sad! smeeps
horrible weather
terribly! i was considering doing it today but.....my laptops bust! i cant live without it!!!! love you lots freak x x x x x
i have twilight syndrome, its very annoying
this is what happens when people ditch out on our quotwoohoo friday night!quot fridays.
mhbigcatch 8oz golem but finally got a wight 3oz
l want, but i cant sleep
ugh i hate when ppl use you and just throw you aside when they dont need u.
sittin in tha car on my way to dads.
im lonely keep me company! 22 female, new york
i love you, buck.
frannie, love you. so sorry your afternoon didnt turn out as planned.
omg i for got about this i love twitter because every thing is live.. i get to twitter with all the awesome gurus like you and
i am not digging the taste of water right now at all.
iont get this hanna montana shit.
just got twitter and has no clue how to use this thing
just got home from haorizons golf thing now trying to get twitter on my phone im so said its not working
you mean stuff??? she is eating apple sauce and spit
pretty sure everything electrical in my house is slowly dying on me like i have enough money to replace all my stuff!!!
exhausted
im up and awake finally, dont wanna b tho xx
aww that stinks! hugs
oh wow, i dont go on poupee anymore but the mag is called sweet!?
in the stupid library
im so jealous! no snow in australia i really should have been born further north of the equator!
its getting hot already in mesa, az
haha i know! i missed the series premier of greek too!
ah but thats ok you see as it is quotto stop da terroristsquot and anything that claims to be for that is acceptable.
oh no...! who left the door opened?! grrr...
you never told me you were going away so soon... have fun though!
morning everyone! cant believe its the last day of my holiday back to the grindstone tomorrow.
unavailable what song was it?
sometimes my razor hates my skin
feeling a bit better today, at least i can walk. i have no idea what happened yesterday. on my way to school now... ugh...
just woke up, what an overcast day
yes cousie star, may i propose the week after next? my school life will be officially over! am i am not excited about it.
poor puppy
oh my god. i am so sorry to hear that. i really hoped i was picking it up wrong
must continue the neverending cycle of creating food for consumption. getting up to go towards that room the kitchen. i hate cooking
watchin jonathan creek like a sado bad times
surprised by the new eminem song... dont think he should have gone for comedy again maybe it will grow on me
seems jruby support for hpricot is now two versions behind
i totally have like... four girl options, and none of them seem viable
hey matt do u h8 me....?
looks like chelsea and man utd will meet in the fa cup final, unless everton beats man utd
must start studying so freakin behind
cmon sean man
im goin to follow u, since u didnt lol go angels!
uuuh that seems much more delicious that my poor coffee its like 4 am here, i didnt even go t ...
wow that last tweet made me seem like a giant sexist...sorry about that
well im going to bed early...i wish i could sleep in tomorrow
shopping with little miss big boobs instead of laying in the sun
living on neurofen for another day. please go away headache.
i find ekitan doesnt give the best results for a lot of searches, especially tofrom airports
well he said that he is a looser, and that is what the show implies
someone went and ruined our picnic
i miss you yanelo!!!
im so jealous..i want salsa, but the cookies were amazing!
where is my blazer team? they did not show up at the rose garden tonight.
up early studying
the damn cold n sneeze r back
im bored... bored....bored again and developing a headache and i want a piece of carrot cake mmm
going out to downtown sd , hopefully its not to late ? ????
cool, i will. their are all kinds of complaints about this laptop online about overheating, but no recalls
why is it so hot today??
yeah!!!! because when ever i try to use my iphone on wireless, no work geekmeet
doesnt want to leave nathan for a week but i know it will probably be for the better.
the flickr addon for firefox isnt working on du anymore? any alternatives?
sorry, babe!! my fam annoys me too. thankfully, theyre asleep right now. muahaha. evil laugh
home stretch. mosquitoes joining in to quothelp.quot no bats around to eat them. our very bad.
out of the traffic, seen the car that flipped i pray those ppl r ok
still hangin in there ... missin my friends
got lost on the way to the hike ended up at the ocean and now drinkin in weho
the same bird that told everyone at school?
it would seem it hasnt.
at my nephews going away party. hes leaving for iraq tomorrow
how an earth can you be in fab mood when its raining? it started raining when i was on the bus, now my feet are all wet!!!
my phone is still broken. im camping with work again so it wont really bother me until tomorrow. ugh
i have to agree with supermom...you poor thing!! what we do for love
the reason i left you tonight was that i thought you left me first all alone. even carlos took off.
might have to go to hospital for my foot for an xray, have to wait for the doctor to call me back to confirm, i hate hospitals!!!
aw men! i wanna see her too.
lol cooper is cooped up hate those things. though i call them jenny long legs.. xd no idea why.
alice is awesome. i wanna rip james head off tooooo.
armin, 9th of may in lebanon so when will egypt come to your list???!!!! asot400
bout to go to work.
just woke up .... now i cant go back to sleep
is going to the skating show today...again 4 this weekend
oh i am jealous! why only tynie and noordinary .. pau you and me are left behind
at home, and i dont want to leave
gotta stop turning in homework late, would be gettin an a in information systems if it wasnt for the few late assigments
sad that the feet of my macbook just fell off
ugh, yeah that sucks im sorry.
i want her back..
me gets molested by pedos
im sorry about your job going away
hanging out at dennys with john... my half of spring break ends tomorrow.
ï½ my friend is at home just texted her... ai pa lotra
my buds from oregon are going back home today!!
oooh grey gardens sounds good! but i dont have hbo.
sadly babymaker is the only song previewed by day26 that i like right now disappointed
despite the fact that the ability to grow a beard makes me feel like a manly man, its a huge pain in the butt to have to shave every day
so sad when animals are unhappy, my dog has mastered the reproachfulyourebreakingmyheart puppy look.
i hope we werent keeping you up but i understand your fears...clowns are frickin scary
my tummy hurts!!!
tiffy, i need to talk to you.
while i do enjoy my job very much. its always nicest outside when im indoors
i just ripped my pants lame
waaahhoooo too bad i dont have cable
sang on singstar abba last night...no voice today and a hangover!!!
im sad after discovering my awesome headphones only reach as far as the toilet door, not close enough for me to do a distance wee
damn! i missed out? why didnt you invite me?
mines too... im finding it well hard to get fit...
yeah that would be fun. same time as the movie release too... i missed prophecy in 07. it was in toronto
oh no! good luck... hope you find em!!
some things even spell check cant fix
ok, im calling it. still too sick to drive to oland for barcamp tomorrow
youre all obsessed with this thing...so much to read, so little time! got work in a few hours
still up n counting down thw last hours of my vacation
spanish class again...
i hope we get room 1 back asot400
brain shocks are not fun. i feel like crying.
for the love of raaay j .. neck relle hurts. jeeezelaweeeze
my toes are cold.
is dreading tomorrow i hate hospitals, especially when its your baby that is the patient.
em ng? t? 1h sï½ng gt 11h tr?a d?y ?n c?m, ?n xong ng? ti?p ??n t?n bï½y gi? ! mï½ m?t.... mï½ m?t...... !
so im not sick anymore. twilight zone? but i did go to bed with wet hair so now its still wet and im terribly cold but not sick? weird
also, maya kiiiilllllled it. so many people, i couldnt believe it. but i missed the first 5 songs
some of this just seems like voodoo with different platforms. it just popped up and ran fine after the nike ad on mine
ohh that sux
feeling so down right now .. i hate you damn humprey
good night. tomorrow.. more planning. sidebareveryone is pregnant. i kinda miss it
i think they need to find opponents for anderson silva that he feels have a remote chance of beating him...
i hear ya. i still listen to rfgo! religiously, but the timing of the post means im never around to comment
found 10 bobbleheads in fallout 3 need 10 more for the achievment
omg my girl just woke me up, reason doesnt matter amp now i cant fall back to sleep gotta b up at 5 so maybe ill just stay up. sigh
penelope is getting trimmed
im totally in the mood to make buttons, but all my supplies are at home
did you listen to back in the saddle??
fantastic
set my alarm on 5am instead of 5pm and missed my training class
ok, i now have a question that needs to be answered...why are dreams so hard to acheive? x
morning. no sun here unfortunately
ok....best friends son is in the hospital hes not even 2 yet!
flippen rain flooded the carpet my crib
i seriously need some sleep
theres an inch of snow on the ground and counting. im worried about the poor flowers
andy roddick got married?!!?!?
i miss you and chase...
but, i miss a.i.
if it had happened to anyone else i would have peed myself laughing. i scraped my leg
muddy shoes suck! gotta clean my car now
back 2 skwl on monday cant wait till next saturday it will be brill !!!!!
these twiggas and twitches acting like assholes no 1 wants u 2 go..but hey we still have u on the space right..screw em
i wish freaks and geeks had more than just one season.
is the brighton gig on the 26th completely sold out!!!???
sorry to hear youre unwell. its the school holiday syndrome again
leaving tomorrow!
oh, today it is not possible for me family matters, but i will try to attend next !
time to go fold laundry have i mentioned how much i hate laundry? well i do! anyone got a laundry fairy to spare?
is today monday again? ugh! i should have stayed in bed. its cold. im bored. i hate days like today.
??to treat someone to something. remember? just had something come up 4 l8r. ?????????????????????????????????
but i will be soon. dies
i wish i was at coachella
i agree, saturdays are stupid. i have to work all day as well.
is trying to do homework, but cant seem to focus
i be slow.
were late leaving for wilmington but its gorgeous outside and realllyyy chilly in south carolina
i need more time for my tests!!!!!! poor maddy all the paparazzis must be ashamed!!!
i miss them in adelaide. i wish i was there too... the beach looks beautiful.
doesnt know if hes going to download now
watching quotyes manquot all by myself
once again in the library working on yep, you guessed it my filiocht bhï½il essay! i feel i have been banished to this awful place forever
oh no that sucks mike has to work saturday and monday... andrews got from friday till wednesday off the bugger lol
tired but not sleepy
mind sending me the address via dm? no email yet.
omg you are starting to be my magazines, i havent seen your vids for about a month im too busy now!
for some reason when i tried downloading the tweetdeck client, it wouldnt let me. i see that a couple buddies have it tho....confusing
well, marins room didnt come out quite like i expected. it looks like one ugly easter egg. starting over tomorrow.
i fell last year on the other knee. less bruising amp full lower leg pain, but still took weeks to heal. im over myself already
why is no one talking.
mam i need me some sleep. stuck in class and wish i was in bed.
i think my memory card is fucked at least its not the one for my dslr i guess
did so many arrands today and im so tired need nap before babysitting
ok no worries i will speak to mark, the ed, on thursday. havent heard from dan since oct maybe get a fasterlouder ed too?
i feel your pain. forced to use my daughters computer wvista while my machine with mandriva os awaits repair. ltsniffgt
no supersonics
going to bed but not tired busy day tomorrow.
what do you do if a blonde throws a grenade at you? pull the pin and throw it back. hahahaha not.. i need a good joke
they have diff camps. gahh theyre all rural though. woga woga and bathurst but theyre the best 4 advertising
wait...is it a game or just episodes? im so confused.
it seems that twitter lost some updates yesterday again!! twitter fail
rode 10 miles of dirt trail in cleveland natl forest. locked gate 13 mile from end horsethief canyon
theres nothing like the smell of a fresh cat deuce while playing wow dang litterbox.
well stomach felt better for a few minutes long enough to clean the yard now im back to feeling icky
no more hundos?
hahaha according to him when he was in ellen recently, he doesnt have a facebook or a twitter yes lets!
no internet no updates brilliant weekend down to coloba and everywhere inbetween... bringing home a monkey...
what happened to you on saturday? you didnt show up...
yea, it is getting annoying.
i burnt myself on my toaster oven!
back to reality
woken up by someone hammering gtlt they have stopped now and i cant get back to sleep
cant sleep. need to talk to someone.
sometimes i wonder where my money goes.
i woke up with a scratchy voice...i blame it on the loud cougars at the tavern
yup night workouts r the worst but unfortunetly my work schedule only allows me to go at night its tough!
i love that show. 2 bad we dont have it where i live
a good movie premier would cheer me up!
just got home from andreas house but i was having fun but i had to go bye bye!
just been the docs amp she give me some antibiotics for my throat. no alcohol for a week
im cleaning and being a real person right now. maybe later
even google translator does not get it
home thinking alot
i was just telling kiki i wish i could have made it last nightttt
wants the other half of the dream team tonight will be missed! plotting to kidnap her! mwahaha!
signal sucks here waiting for mia to step onstage. stoked for the killers after!
yoghurt overload
my bestie ran away from home
yeah he said he saw the rash a few days ago... so i had no warning...
oh how i miss the summer of 07 i hate being away at school. i miss my friends.......
hello! im out of coffee this morning..thats what i get for winding you up yesterday!!! lol have a good day!
darn, i dont seem to be very good at this
oh gahhh,they r fixing to announce!!! o i was suppppeerrr flat!!
lol they are some emotional ass men!! omg all this late night eating.. both of us are broke
i dropped it and cracked the screen
i love you mail whale. i am sorry.
doing some knitting amp watching the notebook....i hate how adverts cut up movies its not a good look
in genting now! but i now at gohtong jaya using com...
just woke up. so tired. class at 8am. ugh. hate tuesday and thursday
had the worst dream abt some turd face i used to date... ugh. it was awful.
yea i just call it stress.
guy in front of me cant figure out the atm... so depressing...
woo for three pages down and seven to go...why in heck do i procrastinate! goal 1 for grad school do not wait!!!!!
love chicago diddy live gt
so cold
cant sleep... again. i really hate sleepless nights. perhaps the stress is getting to me
trying to pick out a profile pic with the help of but whenever i like one he says its bad. 12 yr olds are stupid
omg tennesse is another kansas! ugh. six more hours left! marz
eye hurts
why am i not tired?
not watching fox tv no dollhouse tonite
ss favourite youtube clip, lightning mcqueen singing quotbarbie girlquot, has been taken down.
doesnt want to change departments
watching my talk shows.... but cant find tyra...
ha im sad tho oh no cant wait to hear!
going to urgent care
why does the sims never work on my laptop? whyyyyy? someone help me
i was being nice. poor you....hope you feel better soon
im at home today, on the sick. i hate it. dont like having to phone work and let them know i cant work. if only i could make a wish
drowned in work...
wow i didnt get an quothelloquot u suck
is having a wonderful morning....not! oversleeping is not good!
just said the same.. thanks for telling me. x
wheres my shout out?? i told you the pooh joke!
sitting all alone in my empty dorm room. goring home tomorrow!! so excited, but gonna miss everyone
i hate stressin out my mama...she sound sick too..
way jealous of lauren going to see go audio tonight
sorry i missed it. just finished mommywood about 10 min ago. loved it!
i want to scream. why cant you just talk to me jen? you cant take 2 minutes to talk, but you can go out to dinner with others? im hurt
going to bed, alone as usual
wishes she had quotgoodquot friends. you know... the kind you can trust no matter what!
there needs to be betterhotter lingerie for girls with big boobs fuck, if i knew how id just make them myself.
yes, amp you arent the first person to think so. adds credence to the fact that our virtual selves are extensions of us.
but i love destroytwitter whats the link for it?
nothing was sick all day it sucked im just up late cant sleep
not very happy because my laptop decided to delete all my music
is getting ready for work then off the next 4 days to move!! im missing my baby so much
is in study hall now, and i will log off immediately.
my neck hurts
holy shit. theres no so in richmondyet. stupid weather
now its off to work.... tweetyaz lataz xx
is not very happy today!
coming home from myrtle beach
ok ok for real night guys p.s. my tummy hurts gahhh
im so sad i lost my ipod
meet bingo my friends wendy puppy. he looks like my dolce right?
is going to have a late one at mqu today
i dont have the template on this computer innit sorry.
oh, it is starting to get gray out there. boo!!!
time for bed so tired
when your album is gonna be released? sorry for the bad english
is boared
um, tweetdeck is being difficult for me. farmers market today though!
i am being forced against my will to tweet. someone help. twat is the new tweet.
aww, poor brian. i feel bad, even though i didnt do anything
doing well and you? i just got back from stanford where their volleyball team whooped ours that would be ucla, 3 sets to none
had a dream where he was trying to tell his friends that he had just found out he had a child w someone, but they didnt care.
im sorry to hear that u had a bad day
ps i woke up this morning and i cant access any websites! or i havent cleaned my computer completely
hates revision
just finished dexter season 2. love this friggin show. season 3 in netflix queue but doesnt look like the dvds are out yet
i was stuck in bed all day yesterday with the most savage of migraines was absolute torture... anyone else get something similar at all?
there has to be more to life than this
working her first sunday in like a year
ugh i hate disappointing my friends told them i was going to a party, and now i cant because i have to study now that i can see again
omg.. someone help!!! i cant stop sneeeezing if 1 more person says bless yu im gonna screeeeam!!
had a lovely last supper with home friends in london, wont see them for a while bristol tomorrow though .
misses rach already
is at work, fighting a bad cold
yeah is it bcoz kal penn is a visiting lecturer somewhere n cant be on the show anymore? im gonna miss him
good luck! i wish i could be thereee
aw poor weeder. herberts why do people feel the need to spoil lovely things?
a beautiful day! pity i couldnt go to brabant to paleontological meeting. wanted to buy book on elephants and whales that were once there
is thinking of what domain to use
hmmm and my wall is up already im to damn hurt we have been thru so hell and back never thought he would do this!
i feel like im not really here, feels like im falling, drowning i got no idea why i feel like this
aw. shes, what, 7 now? 8?
going to watch the pursuit of happiness on sky in a minute, its very sad
oh, no ive been there as well... the brother of one of mine, but i still see him sometimes around where i live
least u got 2 lie in i ve bn up way 2 long!! mrs woke up at 6am this morning amp dragd me out of slumberlnd the same time
i had to renew my passport.
what happened?
i dont like the yfrog thingy..cant see the pics from the bberry
i still havent read the 9thamp10th princess diaries saving francesca made me cry at the end. hmm those are easy books.
got me what again? im sorry i cant understand ur last tweet
why did my baby have to eat 3 prunes today and now he finally went ! my poor baby
just got back from visiting with a foster dog. we have so many pugs looking for homes!! take a look!!
i dont feel so hot....
i want to see something similar for gnulinux
my mommy says no because i dont share
got formal invitation. what am i gonna do about my date? i shouldve said to put quotnick amp guestquot.
i miss my baby so mucho. uuhhh i need to see him whats wrong with skype siihh!!!!
i think i put too much mousse in my hair
stomach ache
alf!!! i dvr that, but my mom always deletes it for her cops episodes! he was my fav!
missing someone so bad..so sad today
it is hilarious and i linked the clip from lj some time ago but when i went back just now it was a dead link
looking through a speedpaint thread in an art forum. everything is digital. im depressed.
dude lauren txt me back
h1! tomorrow is national examination! belajar belajar belajar sampe otak meledug
had 2 birthday partys on the farm today. both had loads of fun! easter bunny last day tomorrow!!
i got massive shit congestion
fuck i feel like i could cry right now
chilln felt like i had an unproductive day!
wishing i was 5 again
at coachella once again waiting for my camera to be charged. it died yesterday while morrissey was playing
i am going to attempt to get to sleep. i dont see it happening
settling down.. enjoying my cup of rooibos tea....tweeting.....missing captain c already..
why are you deleting your facebook account?
i am soaked. this is not pleasant
i think i just read spoilers about house
i dont know anyone else i feeling like a stalker... lol quotfollowingquot is such a stalker move hahahahah
home from hbd. sunburnt. anyways, last night of spring breck
just woke up and as soon as i was about to start getting ready to party.. its raining
good god i ache! i might need a gallon of codliver oil 2morrow to walk!comp was fun, good fights but we didnt win i fancy it nxt time!
i try daily to only think and see whats good. its amazing how much better life becomes, but it is hard to do it all the time
no hubo the big bang theory otra vez, hasta el 13
really wanted to like quot17 againquot but...just didnt not zacs fault, bad script.
is crying...........
omfg i wish i was rich
ppl at the consulate think that they can run the world and they have all the work to do and ppl and their work is of no value
quotjennnymayi had a dream that replied to me on twitter! doubt it will really happen about 17 hours ago from webquot a
just got my pupils dilated wtf my eyes are quottwippin!quot
im trying to research some dude for my english assignment that is due tomorrow, and my internet keeps freezing and wont load
pissed off.. boyfriends going to my bestfriends party and i wasnt invited. wat the hell
wishing i couldve gone to a day but i have to study for ati and patho.
i dont like you not having internet. you dont tweet as much.
true... i usually dont take summer classes....but i have a week or two to rest up before field school cheers
gotta repeat whole art folio cuz old one with a whole terms work got wet
im hungry and i want ihop now! bullfuck!
i hope that mottes performance is not an indication of what is to come.
stooopppiddd abbey national!! i need to get dosh out and its blooming shut!
still sad because jake owen did not beat julian hough at acm awards
3 in the morning and i cant sleep.
working on a saturday is definitely not fun
dear jemby, please dont give me that look... it wasnt my fault it started pouring the moment we embarked on our walkies
its true you have no idea how hard it is to be accepted by people when you have a disability. thats why i wanted ur help
i pretty much died when i was running errands earlier. i was like, wtf?! it is april. not july. lol i had to check the month.
editing as diddy would say quotlets goquot lmao hahahaha
its raining
is soooo not feeling good. suckss
a level maths is too hard i need help
tommy spurr, you are a gorgeous gorgeous man, please lose the scummy leeds accent
on the way to citrine with to meet . should be good times but really wish was with us. miss her
poor myk got teh sick. hes gonna be miserable on our vacation.
i have a close friend who is one professionally. she says im mean enough but i am not consistent
just woke up, god i feel lazy. shower time then off 2 the bank before work at 11
just said goodbye to forum mates who dont get onehd too doing my best to not leak spoilers out
i wish i was there! stuck at work
getting ready to leave in a lil while....and i think i broke my hairdryer
finally off...its raining cats amp dogs...damn...beyonce said it best cuz i know i hate sleeping alone
hope i did okay!
hey, thanks for the tip. yea, i tried that one before but couldnt solve anything
will have a meeting in an hour to explain quotwhich version of oaw we usequot. what to say? none? atm, its just a heap of unbundled emf tools
ya me too
where are you???
neighbors boy was killed in a plane crash when on his easter holls teh sad
lotr online, hey? is it actually any good? ill dm you my email when im on a pc next, i cant do it from my mobile
i hope this doesnt last too long. i feel miserable!
ordered the new imac with ati 4850 videocard upgrade. could take 3 to 4 weeks to arrive they say! jeez!..
getting changed in the hopes that, that means we can go to the store now! poor cat is out of food...oops.
is depressed he isnt going to be able to see david archuleta.
my tummy hurts
heyxboxlive probably shouldnt mention any show with drew carey considering what hes done to major nelson
wishes everyone understood the concept of bathing, and wearing clean clothes
thats awesome! i love having stuff to look forward to but i dont have much in the near future
... then who are you? a ghost?
very funny,but theres no happy ending
lmao ... im abt to fall asleep in this chair im od tired !!!
aahhh..dont wanna go to class
my intuition was as always right got a phone call yesterday from my boyfriend, said he was at friends place. 2 girls there!! rrrrrrrrr
preparing labs for the week aheadanticipating a difficult time studying coronary artery disease later on today.
stressing, everytime speedy tries to make it right he makes it worst
hi girl! i miss u too!!! i had 2 new vids but now i cant put them up
finallly homee....loooooong day.....accompished alot tho. my weekends almost over and i def not ready 2go bac2 work!
the lady in the bathroom,,the latest soul to come around me,,,said quotpleasequot.. feels like giving a cookie to a starving person,
i miss my ps3, its out of commission wutcha playing? have you copped blood on the sand?
i had that a while back and i know some other people that have too
no im so tired now.
good luck enduring the tiring journey!
pity about the dog but i guess somethings are not meant to be
has a very painful shoulder this morning
oh, god, ow. that must have hurt like a bitch.
bored, woke up too early... still got another hour...
living not downtown sure isnt much fun.
watching the cubs, and they just gave the lead away...
the angel is going to miss the athlete this weekend
lucky! my bebos broken! says i have 112 friends, but doesnt display them!
bad time management
started day ii of vegas with horrible dreams of his friends being beaten up quite severely.
mommy did someone hack into your account? even though its a quote, ive never heard you use that word... i dont think
mean
sorry i missed you! had to run home to start preparing dinner. will we see you for the panel tomorrow morning at 11.15?
the nice starbucks man ruined my chai frappe...really? it was on such a good streak too
freakin crap! i just bit my tongue on accident.
so not fair. some of us are stuck at work... i wanna be cozy at home!
i need my voice back...
not twittering in the past 22 days obviously. 140am and taking a small break from ochem.
ruca hurt her knee.
i want some too!!! that sounds so good!
this feels like the week from hell.......
you missed bowling with the fam wish you were still here!!
going to bed finally after watching the first ipl match, chennai super kings lost their first match
egads the lag on gow2 is unbearable rubber banding, delayed finishers but sooo close to winning the match
cooks rolling to leicester edi if u can put a shouta out 2 tonite its gna b amazing but im not going to be there lol need some followers
huggggs im glad youre here to help me through this he was my favourite character. the white house sucks for stealing him
feeling ill today too so not having a great day
why
lol a i want a cuddles now you almost made my eyes leak. love you too lt3
babysitttinggg... all day. and my puppys sick at least i think.. oy. gonna be a long one.
ya srsly but i had to kiss tvxq members, it wasnt that bad 8..
i asked my dad if i cud get a horse now instead of a calf, and he said when i learn to ross a road propley
my headache was so bad i woke up from sleep and have no meds and dont want to take none
quite possibly though with the cat, its more of a slang phrase to describe his defiant behavior
just had to disable offline gmail google gears was disrupting my directtolabelview shortcuts.
must be at least half vampire...70 degrees today, bright sunshine...barely tolerable
got my babys shots today. he flipped out. i wanted to cry
oh, man.. i am sooo bored
playin my guitar and listening to john mayer...cant ever listen to to much of him...ever damnnit! lol even though i have a paper 2 do
filling out my call to the bar form just have to find 2 quotprofessional peoplequot to give me a reference
so not happy about the fight.
i love the hills but i missed the show tonight
unfortunately not many lollipop ladies on the 400miles of motorway i drove p i went alone
its so nice out today i wish i didnt have to work today
ew snow! but anywho im getting ready to go to co op but....no brandon today he is very sick! so im coming home today d send some lovelt3
im lonely keep me company! 22 female, denver colorado
im o.deee tired and jus finished my codes for web design ii blahh school suckss
i had my dog done last year when she had her puppies. so why is she on heat
leakage huh? im afraid i missed something good. but my head hurts to bad to care... bummer
poor baby
im bored i see my love with other girl
chick corea was tonight...and i missed it ...now she sobs
has a teacher who doesnt care about the puppys being euthanized.
its depressing to start your day knowing youre not coming home until tomorrow night.
one of my sites pr dropped
i want to watch dedication! but cant find it in stores great movie by the way!
playing killzone 2... the demo
oh i received an answer for a ticket that is 6!!!!!! month old. this is really really fast cob ticket
your sports editor never got back to me
girrrl, i aint got the body for that. hahaha, shiiiit! they hiring anywhere else there?
feeling really really ill
aww whos the date? and its goin ok! i want some red lobster biscuits tho what color are you wearing?
ill miss anneju this week
aaaah...what a beautiful this was....i need to pay my cell bill...seeing its off aim me revesdoux09
awww my girl jessica biffi lost. but at least the winner sunny fong was super talented.
is working from home but wishing it was home time
holy crud... i just did it again... made it back up to 16... thats it... its a sign... im not supposed to be doing this silly game
im looking at mine and i cant even get to it... school work sucks...atleast when u get home thats it lol
is stoopidi spilt a bit of bleach on my pink top so now it just has a small white patch
stop nomnoms!!!! ..you didnt share! night peoples!!
hugs aubs sorry
ughh...fuck this economy!! ...none of the good cereals were on sale at safeway anymore
im up! lol i finally had some sleep!! woot woot!!! i have to work at 4 sucks!! lol
why cant i live nearwork with lovely ladies like you??
is in bed with courtnee being a sleepy head. too much chinese has been nommed and now we are fat
i wish i stayed in philadelphia to get s tickets the art museum
i hate being sick damn cold
spring break. no homework but a lot of college stuff to do.
ok...so after closer observation, scratch the fly old men....sugar dads for other obvious reasons damn i knew it was 2 good 2 be true
galaxy tied, timbers tied, and sounders lost.. sad night of watching soccer
ive been told power might be out until monday
and i juss made a video but i gatta do it over. the audio wuz owned lol
just had a great time... that is if i forget about the fight on the way back...
back at the office still only 3 days until another long weekend...
1520 fighting and i have a feeling the vast majority are going to become customers lt3
well done if u get that mp4 version pls can you make it available as a download somewhere some of us didnt get to c it
we are on a one way road to hell amp i dont think obama can do anything about it
decoratin i hate it never again! ha ha
take a deep breath... cough... repeat.
work laptop is officially dead .. not happy at all..
family just left... back to the basics
awww im sorry. when is it supposed to be delivered?
im lonely
that does suck im following u ily
on washighton ext watching drag races! intense life i live. doug lives june 10th
wanting to pull an all nighter but nothing 2 do! internet is only good for so long omg i want pink sunglasses
leaving trollstigen, heading towards bjorli. superdissapointed over trollstigen. not spectacular at all
whose evil plan? lol no the evil plan is having no date ugh lame lol... i guess... idk my school is lame
sorry, you musta got a bit.. sick of my dance tweets. sorry to have you unfollow me
i hate the weather in taipei. it always makes me sick.
grrrr.. its only tuesday...
ahh im sorry theres a nasty virus going around apparently...shame atagana!
i need an implantable memory stick so i can remember all the ideas have offline sigh
r.i.p mr.crowley
hmmm ... thats the one thing i didnt do ... dont know how
i love the rain....uh....but i did sleep until 140pm too dark in my bedroom!! now i am latched to the computer until 6pm
maybe its all the pollen in raleigh rt now.ive been waking up wa headache evry day 4 a wk. exced. migraine not helping!
did you cry at the end? i did
nobody wants music?
brittany needs help fixing her blackberry!!! sad day
im in the mood for some racing, so im just downloading iphone apps to race and plus im just really bored
itunes rolls out variable pricing for songs
halftime of the portland trailblazers 1st post season game since 03 portland 44 houston 62. not a good first half.
yeah that would be stuck in a cage all damn day... sucky!
aww, not in hudson today in the city. wont be up for another two weeks
i had to super glue my shoe!! lol
gahhh why do i have to be sick before nyc!!!
hates goodbyes
not much to say .. im just missin him!!
yeah maybe im just going crazy haha.
it makes me sad that i wont be seeing you
alas musicbrainz does not recognise the mp3
i hate windows sw. modal windows appearing off screen making me think the app is hung...
sickk i feel like dying... but im not gonna,, cause i loveyou.
i really miss my soulmate
oh, you did? i havent been able to read all of them yet. lotsa email and dms today, was kinda shocked when i opened bo ...
just as my dream was about to finish rendering i woke up
are you vaccinated against chickenpox?should i vaccinate my 3 yr old?i am so confused about this damn thing
everyone left me on twitter. i guess i can call it a night too!
new commute record 1hr20min, normally lt30min. theyre adding an emergency second lane to 40 through the canyon tonight.
trod on a nail, owww
wish me luck gotta go london ging great olmand street for a appointment really scared xxxx
another long and slow day ahead ... sigh!
cant believe cutner is dead on house! sad day. in santa rosa, ca
off to the dentist
blue cheese is bitch.. whenever i start to crave cheese i know my weight is in upswing.
why do i feel like your preaching to me? lol damn im guilty
completely failed to upload my cute picture. format too big
chennai seems to be losing the plot
i havent tweeted at you in forever
is packing her bags. dont want to leave
sorry still dont like him
its playing at the west end? too busy seeing equus to catch it before it closed. blame dan.
now youre just teasing us...thats just so unfair lol!
up at 3 am for 6am flight
another boring lecture of microprocessor in iiit
my uncle and grandma were in a car crash. my uncle is going 2 jail 4 dui hit and run.
no eyeliner. i feel naked. leaving the flat now to get to the shops for my mum. and i might text my boyfriend. i miss him
i just hope things arent lost somewhere
family today, business event tomorrow! when we get back, its going to snow!
awesome hd 1000fps slomo vid the camera looks expensive
im not excited for the yearly holy week trip to the beach.
hitting the gym! afterwards looking forward to rewiring my studio... yet again
feeling kind of bad...one of my homeboys just asked me to go to his boys wedding with him but i got something else to do
watching stepbrothers. yay! still sick though
they are all the size of tic tacs...no latin luvas
thats a shame, i loved him in shameless! just goes to show how different these celebs are in real life!
nope remember, i have not yet upgraded to a book with a builtin camera. no camerano isight.
tell me about it. im enroute to longleat for the day and wont be able to even look at my pics when i get home
hey, tommy!! how was the concert here in amsterdam? i wish i could be there! but i couldnt ..... srry for that! love you xoxo
aaaargh! must, have! broke...
meetings arent always boring, but i wonder why i m always sleepy towards the close
studying for my 1972nrs exam
man im sad that my whole dtp crew left me and now im pretending im with them through twitter updates...
colorados a beautiful state, but im not up for snow anymore thanks for the follow.
anyone want to buy their dear, unemployed friend darryl an austin city limits 3day ticket? only 160. guess ill sit it out this year
i hate the fung wah bus.. worse, my ipod music library mysertiously deleted apple sucks and fung wah sucks. boston till tomorrow... fb
twitter is down?
on a saturday?
not sure if its only me, but everytime i tried r, it slowed down my vs 08.
my pics are too large to load up
my xbox360 died! i have no stress relief how depressing... and in the middle of moving to a new apartment! ugh! someone cheer me up.
its snowing again in montreal
ahhh i was just there sunday night!
does anyone knows anyone who works for nissan???
just woke up, tiresome times
our dvr was acting up and lost all of our programming. house was just ending by the time we realized
just saw a bunch of dead pigeons on the grass. i am now a horrid mixture of sadness and disgust.
omg whine whine whine whine housing lotery is over stfu i had to explain to qidong that he was fucked.
awake ..why cant i sleep..... got to work 6am 4hours
watching one last episode of doctor who before hitting the books. not because i want to, but thats the last dvd i received via netflix.
just saw 1 little and 1 huge stingray in footdeep water off catseye beach at low tide. no turtles yet.
goodbye jive test server so very sorry to have to shut you down
working my life away..
i want my cable back.. when i watch stuff on the computer i have to wait till after it comes out!! lolz but it takes 4ever to load tooo
whoh what a day... now for the shut part... hydraulics assignment time
saturday night tired and bored. !
going to start laundry. hoping the getting up and moving will calm aurora down. mikes computer wont boot up something with the power.
worried about furry sun who has bad tartar on teeth and needs dental treatment
looking at the rain fall in rotterdam..
i cant load a photo
fring has gchat, msn, twitter, facebook, skype, etc. last i checkd, nimbuzz dint have the works..
is spending the whole day with matt before he leaves for wisconsin for the week anybody wanna cheer me up?
when i saw the twit trending on virtual assistants, i was hoping down inside it was something to do with ai agents. but no.
wah i cant see clip, must be elstupido work filters. cant wait till i get a puter. something else 2 blame ex 4. he broke mine
zac deleted his twitter account..how sad..
i cant believe i still have 6 more hours of work left.
my parents just made our guest room a game room. our game room is now a quotden.quot my room is the new guest room
just out of interest how much ram does that laptop have? vista is very memory hungry...
all my tomato and dill seedlings are dying
aaaaand back to my literature review at least i have a friendly cup of coffee to keep me company.
should be in bed but cant sleep.
no condition christine? thats definitely in my top 3 aof songs, along with leaves and sing along. glad you had fun.
its going to be more of a house cleaning day since its starting to spit outside a little.
my first full week of class this week. no skipping, sad day
missing the girlies house is empty amp ive run out of greys to watch hmmm, what to do??!
i wish i knew whats wrong and whats missing. and i wish i was the type of person who likes to talk about these things... i want to cry.
is just loving the fact that it is 330 in the a.m. and my lil daughter will not go back to sleep!!!
this is really weird i had a dream about lucas cruikshank i guess that shows ya how much i love him. if only he would follow me.
nooooo i missed the q amp a!!!!! ahh well maybe next timeeee
its only tuesday
ah damn, im not eligible for the discounts...
trying to sync my itunes playlist with my new bb8900, but the media sync keeps crashing...
oh btw, in case you were wondering, i did my profile picture on coraline.com. i like buttons now. pity i have to wait for the movie
didnt go to coachella because i live in the middle of nowhere, fml.
oh honey i hope everything is okay.
i hate being yelled at everyone hates me today
i cant even pretend i understand what is going on. ps. your stinkpad is dying
morning im really upset my rabbit ran away last night and the postman woke me up early reply? ilu x.
my stress always culminates with physical pain.
yep, i wish they would say it too. i hate when people make fake trailers for new films. it gets everyone excited
in school taking a test soon.
arghhhhhh , cant put a profile picture here , so im sorry guys , dont know what to do now
boo i finally have a sunday free and head to hyde park to try some inlineslalom but no ones here
lol failing miserably at guitar, my hand hurts
thank you! i know its not over but the fact that i studied day and night made me sad
off out to doctors appointment.
my girlfriends sick with a cold....... hope youre feeling better soon
god people this is getting silly
has got a cold coming how shite!!
cooking pot roast in the slow cooker, helping with school work, changing a diaper, cleaning and being fat and prego..lol! no rest for mom
noooooooooooooo!
sad! nico in 19th. there goes the race for him.
so tired, why am i still studying??
has just been to royal worcester to buy stuff for the rents before it closes
im craving some sort of dizziness.
why doesnt my job have ac?
is missing the portuguese sun already
i was sleepin she got me good man lol
gnite twitter world..long day tomorrow. night class till 10pm
does anyone use flock? my accounts amp services info in the sidebar has disappeared. anyone know how to recover them? no help from flock
thank you nor me
ugh! is right ... bummer of a game
just got back from eldridge. had to work the gates yuck!
agreed! love the sound, but hates how everyone knows them
wow everybody is saying what a beautiful day it is in nyc...making me wish i was there cuz i already love ny in the spring
a took everythin in me to keep my ppl from walkin out on that...that movies kinda good, but it dont go nowhere...
gotta do my cooking assignment its too hard
who turned the lights on? it will be time to get ip then
my baby boo, love of my lfe, best friend evar is finally tweeting. or twatting.
i meant quotrlyquot not quotflyquot in my other tweet
my fave hairdresser still isnt back hope i dont get a rubbishy cut on friday! so.many.dead.ends gt_lt
lost poker came third, which comes with no prize money. i wanted a spades but got a diamonds. a
i havent noticed a twit from you all day...kinda upset by that thought
omg my dad took my laptop im so pissed but maybe my bruh will let me use his
sick today and i have a lot to do at work
family coldallergies. all kind of out of it, and on such a gorgeous day hope everyones enjoying their saturday!
i need a better tweet from russ, mine was just an answer to a question and not actual love
lost everything on laptop wont be able to cg anything properly untl about 6
has nothing to do all day, gonna be a long one....
i dont wanna work for 13 hours tonight
soooo gutted .. could have gone barry island today o well ox
you were my favorite. you did an excellent job.
just enabled activesync on my google apps account, i can now sync my contacts and calendars over the net, but no mail as of yet
please, can yoy say me, what time is it there? i have the pic winner, the tatoomy friend is sleeping in this moment,
wow, i have absolutly no friends
my fingers ache they feel like they have arthritis
blow drying my hair and getting ready to go to school
but that means i have to leave the house ill probably get one tomorrow, then.
todays a good day so far... i just wish charlie was here...
will try... but am all still, so we will see! hope yours is better!
yep, and its worst because i got my husband sick, too. we shouldnt have shared that frosty
spring break is almost over_ but at the same time about it
but that means you get no 900! oh
watching quotnever back downquot with my bro. i wanna go out by its getting late plus i have no ride poor me
stayed up to watch i love you man. better than first choice. gonna regret it tomorrow.
i keep looking out the window and wish i could just fly away !!!!
i want to watch a bad movie but i cant
dialup, e didnt know people were still on that.
no new csi tonight. fml
its ok but it was annoying cuz they were sitting there holding hands and i wish someone wuld hold my hand
agghhh phillies its because i didnt have my lucky towel!
vacuuming your apartment with a dust buster is not fun.
painfully slow night, made more painful by a serious lack of sleep
sounds good man.. i have to write like 3 papers.. 2 this weekend and one during the week.. kinda sux i dont have much time
a you could always post in the transfig classroom with sharmila
wrecked my shoes walking through the snoww
wish i was watching crank 2
wait?!?!?! darn, i thought this counted as productive
i hate living in australia sometimes...
shed a tear for quotgran torinoquot another vintage from the clint eastwood stable of movies
oh no...kutners dead watching house
im losing followers lol
my facebook is fucked.
happens to the best of us.
is in the bathroom... wake up lakin.
having a bad face day...
i watched marly and me and noe im crying!!!
wow! kudos 2 u. 4yrs amp 3 mos.? hope ur 4yr old gets btr 2day
same shitt different day ... when does it stop ..
swapping songs through email with carrie, damn the tasman damn it to hell i wanna jam
woohoo hubby is home, time to get something to eat then bball games the rest of the evening!
damn missed it. how was it?
aephi picnic then some major studying at hillman
im in pain
i want a drobopro! but drobo.com seems overloaded
damn my pc has completely given out this sucks ...
this time last week i was in paris
i would kill to have him here with me
i am so mad that i am missing university day today because of my stupid internship
tweet4today quothave a limbo party while you are still supple enough to get under that barquot .... still???
work all day, followed by 4 days of thesis writing. omg 2 12 weeks to finish. shoot me now.
sick again....ugghhhh!
sick ampa random battle scar. idk how both probably from clubbing on thurs.
been up town propper bored at my auntys barbie haha i was the difficult one who didnt want the meat
the first time o whoa nick im surprised you didnt get him addicted earlier. also am trying to work things out just in pain
and freerealms hard reboots my machine after 10 minutes of play.
rip 94.7 the globe. you will be missed. now i need a new radio station for my preset
basically. i feel like i need to take better care of myself after seeing that fool. no more juicin for me
oh, your tweet was about weapons? thats covered by pandoras box cant uninvent it, leaving us all with mad
what message
i hope my cat is not sick. he seems fine, but lab results revealed low wbc count...my poor baby
is doing a project sucks! but looking forward to tomorrow, having greek easter with family!
someone somewhere didnt like yubotu
went to uniqlo and its more expensive here than hk
wow, that isnt right at all.
wow i feel like crap
got her wisdom teeth out
on the other handdddd! how are you my lovee?! we havent talked in so loooong
its okay i dont mind. i dont ...no way. but i do
uughhhh. back at work. help. please.
wish i was at the venue u gotta play a show in dubai promis ill be at that venue.
very sad that has closed down. one of the few web services that ive used for over 5 years
trying to do micro lab report and micro study guide for exam...but cant concentrate and too lazy....
i need to save up ï½140 to get my new ipod touch
no i dont even know how to ride it
coughing a lot
its so beautiful outside, but im stuck inside doing homework at least ill get to spend tomorrow in the sunshine!
i cant get the main feed back on does anyone have an alternate feed link? asot400
feel so sad that none of my friend are in twitters
omg i wish i would have been at the venue ive been online waiting for your tweets about the show. didnt want to stand in line
ugh. cant sleep. its 130am.
dang twitter and their lack of space to write! anyways i am off to bed, gotta be up early. still totally bummed that i missed white room
at my grandmas 2 days in a row i want to go home!
everyone is leaving me ...
ohh myyy.. i came in late on conversation, who is it? thats just terrible.
very nice!!! u r a pretty young lady! but im no loser tho...quotholding up the l like thatquot lol!
why am i awake 8am on a sat morning?? whyyyyyyyy
home from st lucia! but i have my doggies
why you aint updating??? thats not like you! is somethin wrong? whuts wrong??
u answer ur phone!!!! doh i was eating.
tired and borrrrrred this vacation sooooooo hot
ughh. i have this huge headache.....
i love csi vegas but its not the same without grissom amp warrick
today 1. dentist 2. downtown with my girlies 3. famous videoshoot 4. go back home amp work.
home sweet home. im so glad i came back to warm, sunny weather. i miss my boy though
just spent 30 minutes knitting, tinking, reknitting and retinking a row of lace on my swallowtail shawl. lace is so relaxing.
i think ive got a wisp on my eye
is back at the cabbins ew!
i got called by an exs name for the second time in my life
18mph wind and sunny but wind is nne so no beach in the south that would work for kitesurfing today gardening day
i feel so bad for the band right now
need to rage tonight..wish some of my old tally favs were here
are you gone then?
hope you arent getting whats going around. it is awful. ive had for a week now.
cries i cant see niko
tv wcharley she is too cute and too sweet...trying to get over the blues cheer me up tweeters
the bandits game no fights yet! aproachinnormal
really wanting chipotle..and some meds
i hope he comes back.
i have one follower... accomplished?
my phone rang at 208 am...
i wish the rain would come back here! i had to go out today and the sun gave me a headache
it took me waaay too long to get your message about being ashamed...right now i really am ashamed
and, unfortunately, probably never will.
hello! i got a lot of new followers again... thank you tweeople! will watch over ur updates too. though i cant tweet often
literally? or just left the building left? arsehole if so
im about to see that 60lb girl in my class. she even runs b4 class, makes me feel disgusting
watching prison break !! why do prison break have to end this season?
sister mary alan of st. anthony hs passed away rest in peace
my gta iv ringtone was downloaded 5000 in the first hour whereas my tmobile ringtone hasnt been downloaded once. sad
my boyfriend has decided to depress me by putting in paradise lost.
im so sorry. thats really not fair at all.
she told me to get a hold of you, she cant get on lj it was through email, so idk but yeah, she wont be on for a while
its a new morning pulled back the curtains sunshining, birds tweeting and im stuck inside working !
internets sl0wz sauce, have to stream in low quality... this isnt fun
a spider? can it be covered when im round? slight phobia
grounded i accidentally closed my sisters finger in the back door, so im grounded from going outside today. oh well.
dude! tonight was great! you got me dancing crazy! i went out but we didnt see you. poop. see you soon?
so tired but have to get ready for school
they wre suposed to watch dadnapped some shw with emily osment in it but its not on
hunger has won!i dropped my knife, making a lot of noise,causing my dad to sleep talk.lol does anyone remember that video? i lost it
im sorry for you
is hungover and hurting real bad
i was gonna be there stupid work!
what happened?
home sick....not feeling good at all....i feel like i am coughing out my lungs!!!!....and i dont smoke....
haha yeahh we should go together. my poor little sick car
has the biggest headache but a second job! woo!
baking oatmeal chocolate chip cookies to make me tired. i cant sleep
the walthamstowemd has taken another twist, unfortunately i wont be able to get back for the public proposal days in a fortnight
i have had 5 prank calls in 2 days, some the same, some completely different... i really wanna know who it is!
i dont want a friday lab next semester
did it involve... furbys?
and this guy was eyeing me off for his lunch!!!
same here, i miss you so much! when will we hangout ba? gtlt
maybe surrounded by a million people i still feel all alone, and i wanna go home
7am and i still cant sleep.
looks like mcg lost his rrating battle over terminator salvation. watered down terminator movie?
cramps are crappy.
my stomach has hurt all day. really sucks. ?
hey aaron. too bad youre not 21. id invite you out to my birthday party tonight.
i am going to eat some milk and cookies then going to sleep zzzzzz....zz nite everyone. long day tomorrow starts in 3hrs. yikes!
hows your tuesday? i have work and the il05 election.
30 min till campanile time and i still need a partner
stares at his new ï½100 paperweight in disbelief
im working...
landed funny on my foot this morning while jumping down the stairs and i twisted it. quite sore now..
still figureing out how 2 use this
at the house tryna take care of a sick moe....
about to start the final volume of death note. im going to miss this series once its done.
not sure what they are, only that they are pos! as much as i want to, i dont think can trade away company assets sorry andy!
omgoshhh hes not coming back till monday which means i wont see him till i come back thursday fucken jerk! sighh i miss himmmm
argh! i was suuuper sleepy an hour ago, now im wide awake. hope i dont stay up all night.
is up so early!
just got done hanging out with sonie and benji. now my stomach is making disgusting noises bc im hungry...make it stop.
i miss you too maybe i can see you guys tonight, if its not too late..
i thought id managed to dodge the cold going around work but woke up this morning feeling like id swallowed a cheese grater
spending this gorgeous day inside at the new haven pub. library..gotta get paid. really slow today, everyone must be outside. not me
strep throat! ugh! definitely not the greatest thing to have a week before your first out of state show
i wish, but no more tickets well watch it tho
ergh i feel like crap...im so sorry
getting ready to go to the dentist
my home alone experience has officially been ruined
bad head in the morning
received at least 5 phone calls today already, telemarketers!
the new hawthorne heights stuff sounds so weird without caseys scream
the uk is cold bored of being back already, and really dont want to go to work tomorrow!
i was out of town
he dead on house
i saw snowflakes while on the bus to work this morning
whats worse than dropping your macbook pro? dropping it onto your iphone
i used it for undergrad dissertation many years ago but havent used it since.recall hating it but think i need to use again!
oh
nope not my job, not heard anything from that nor my assignment results im expecting. just about life really its poo
and my stream starting working. the world is a bad place
aww.. i missed it, i had to go tuck the kids in bed!
im ready to go home... but still have a month ahead of me.
cant watch as streaming banned at work hope someone records as mp4 and can email it to me!
so true, i have it and dont use it
beeen awake for awile.. sick
6........tomorrows a new day...
at work
okay, chaotic is a repeat today. damn, i got up early too.
gonna be up till 330. hubby gotta wake up 2 go 2 bombay amp i dont want him 2 miss it but mom dun get it. im nt awake coz i like it ma.
i so wanted to go to calico ft., but we just got up and got the message and they have already left. im so bummed now.
wonders why i always dont have a signal? im using globe
giving the baby crackers and gingerale, hes sick
my camera is not working, holy eeeffff
i cant have a dog in my apartment, cant really afford to move or want to, and my lifestyle isnt conducive to having one.
mia , where is jimmy? so sad!
. you should be going to study points finger of shame. i spent my lunch with my head in to kill a mockingbird.
finally heading home. virgins cancelled tonight
is so sad kg isnt playing...
i love doodling so much but do i ever suck at doing anything finished... including commissions.
another set of ipod earbuds dying left going quiet apple charge gbp20 for replacements. better options at around that price point?
kumar died house
hahah, same here. i dropped out after elementary school. but i cant move to the u.s. without high school graduation. german. u?
key.. this is just weird
allergies?!?!?! wtf. only klamath would do this to me. btw..manreet scott and sita, are you studying for bio??
wishing for spring temperatures.....had to break out the winter jacket today
time to go out.. doesnt look very nice out there though. xx
its our last night in san diego..
we had to cancel it
i am without a car right now hopefully ill get it back after work. and i hate winter weather when its suppose to be spring.
background is that cafe and bookshop in didsbury. one effect of colour sorting is realising i have only 6 orange penguins
sending really, really good thoughts.
i wish i could make it the farmers market today.
this is siiiiiiick. my server wont lemme go to youtube sigh i might be on a yt break for a while.....idk.
darling i miss you we have to watch jurassic park, because you got the job u know? xd
is khloe on twitter? i hope i didnt follow the fake one.
yeah you are lucky sighh. are you going to dubai anytime soon?
jonny is stuck in traffic
watching a video of demi singing dont forget aat the wiltern theater right now... so sad. i think the tears are really going down...
rock fore dough is tonight amp im missing it i cant wait til friday when ill actually be in augusta! ps happy birthday eve to !
youre welcome! now what would baudrillard do.
they said i aint ready yet. is just asthma but they beign cautious.
why did i go to bed so late last night?! uuughhhh.... f my life. im off to work
i wish i was good at something.
i want to go home
i do too and my back is stiff
well, looks like illl just have to lower it to very easy
here in sc it is a cold spring break! hubby just called it is snowing 2 hours away
in the university, in the classroom, on the computer... shit my day is boring
just got pulled over! i guess the whether had me way too hype! lol
its not letting me logg in can u believe that i want that song aswell!
omgeee im soooo drunk well sorta hahah w thee r.o.d missin a few
headed 2 a performance...outside...n the rain. if i do the rain dance backwards will that make it stop?
i woke with an insane headache this morning.
haha. hes hell playerladies man tho xoxo
doc appt 2 before our trip to suprise my baby boy 4 parents wknd. wishing it did not have 2 be easter wknd. im gonna miss out frc
im having dinner with older friends in like 3 hours. fuck im so sorry to be shit. cant believe ive missed you
you are touring every place to place
such a sunny, hot day! so beautiful but i feel so bored
ouch! glad ya didnt d otherwise poor kevy would be awful lonely lol!
i wish i knew what i was doing!!! this thing is so ass backwards
holy cow. i feel like shxiet! stomach flu? maybe!
we use to have an amusement park here that always smelled like vomit. i miss that park.
standing between me amp spring break 6 days, filing taxes i owe , end of term and figuring out grades, dentist today...
helping my dad decorate the inside of his house. i have to go iron
finishing the tax return... instead of making some tracks or enjoying the sun...
another gorgeous day! dry here. need the four rain days coming up. ct. wildfire.
on my way to the fitting. argh im tired and i dont feel well
dont hurt or hate me! i mayyyyy have lost my ring
yay lovely weather outside dudes im pretty happy and unlucky same time whatever !
eating ice cream and calling my mona.. god,i miss her..
goshdarn aint worked .. grrr i f0rg0t wat his twitter was i used 2 kn0 it where r u broooooooother lol
omgosh, theyre like biscuits, so so so yum. xd you havent lived until youve eaten them missy p amp i miss you too x
is not loving this snow
hmm...first time here. dont really know how to start. what am i doing...good question. im trying to clean my room...how fun
got back from mah lil bros baseball game we won last nite lost 2day ugh!! i was mad!home now wit a tummy ache!!
too much booze talk... making me miss it a lot
eventually got a pic so proud only small fish though
you guys i cant sleep but i really need to cause i have work gt_lt fml
people who assume i drive and have my own way home are frequently mistaken.
took my burger and the last bun.
oh no, my server has just died support e.g. brotherinlaw are onto it though
lucky you, i have to go back to school on monday
quotthe stars n the nite they lend me their lite 2 bring me closer 2 heaven with uquot if only those words were tru i wud b wit u now!!!!
youre the 2nd person this week that i know of whos gotten their window smashed
kat is making fun of me
cannot change my profile pic. aaarrrrrgh! now im just agent double o
omg ive an economics test. and i dont know all the things i have to know and omg im gonna fail
i miss watching rockos modern life.
i so would have come by too... sad day
hears its april, but still sees february when he looks outside. also, woke up with pvcs. lovely.
i have to go to work what about you?
is going to sleep bc he feels really sick
we cant come to pussycatis today because our human is on a train
you never reply to me
damn how can i get all my followers to write me???
i wish for now ill read it the way jane austen wanted her zombie tale read. good ole ink and paper
cant its saturday night so ppl keep coming up to the damn desk
14 runs in one inning... whats wrong with wang this season?!
i have no friends
in loveeee lt3 and it hurts
i cant! i have so much to learn about wwi by tomorrow at noon!
dang. i had hoped to make my xcake debut soon, but cant make thursday evening
hi wendy! im watching the f1 race from shanghai on speedtv my ears are ringing badly,amp hearing aids cant mask squealing
que me muera ?
4 hours of english class on satudays is tiring
i feel sick, after drinking water! really?!
just had lunch and now its back to the grinding stone... wish i could be at kknk
my ankle hurts time for sleep.
im still so cold and tired.
my computer crashed!!!!! booooooooo
i am awake now because of twitters! i was just dozing off. . .
i also realize that i cant spelling words properly while using a mobile device. way to tweet my twat with twitter for the first time.
off to the hospital soon. kinda sucks im not allowed to eat anything x
had a fab day fought the migraine off before party lack of sleep is catchin up start on case studies again this next week then final exam
a snow covered morning... in april. so depressing
ughh.. maybe that coffee wasnt a good idea
on the bus to go back...burning up on this bus. gonna miss my movie
im gonna go with bible bashing. get them all the time round my way
having a working from home day got one of those lingering cold bugs that wont leave me alone
not having a car sucks.. what a bad week to get my car taken away
i know exactly how you feel!
phone going off no tweets untill this afternoon
you fail you named her in the end!
glad im not at work, but fed up of being in pain... permanent earache for almost a yr is not fun
im fine xd im running an online shop and its doing pretty good d i miss graphic designing though
i feel bad amy was stretched out sleeping but i had to kick her out the room for the night
spring break is here at last, but no one is here to celebrate
thinks its just unfair
wants to play in the rain
i need to find a battery for an elinchrom ranger. nobody in canada has any in stock
so nice out! and im stuck at work...
hopefully going to get a mani...then some schoolwork.......so behind
i havent seen it, but i from what i heard, thats exactly how my old dog died. same, yellow lab too. miss dex.
i love that movie
im up... i slept an hour last night... death....
you guys have no idea how bummed i am that im still sick. this week was supposed to be awesome. i was going to learn things.
im bummed that my version of batman beyond is edited!
oh and to top it off, my sciatica is acting up again. i think its from wearing my creepers 2 weeks ago.
feeling wacked out this is why i hate taking these tablets
feeling just a wee bit bummed that i dont live in l.a.
oh sweet jesus why oh why would you post that...nightmares
say it aint so
taking the pups for a hike with natalie at south mountain... but no tobin this weekend boooooooo
ewww work time yay mid nuit
been up 15min. already having a bad day
wants to watch primeval... but can somehow never find the right time...
wonderful.. i ll be slogging at 9.. you get up at 9 eh..
sucks we didnt hang out yesterday
site was hacked but thank you, i shall think of that area. im actually going to do it through tesco deals, cheaper x
argh, opened my crisps upside down. i hate that.
hey people wats up im not doing much i think im going to do groceries soon xoxo
s wow skillz are a little rusty.
i got to sleep for three hours! off to work
oo you are lucky! i had an exam 912 and the rest of the day i was studying for my exam on mon its never going to stop!!
my goodness, its freezing down here !!!!!
sooooooo busy right now. have a lot of custom orders to catch up on! havent blogged since the 31st. there arent enough hrs in a day!
going to sleep with lily and rocki lt3 johnathon is too busy watching batman movies
going to sound vain... but running out of my fav lip gloss
i hope that darkrai has moved on from our area, i dont want me and to have bad dreams again tonight
good luck cuz i only made it once round the track
spbpuk other common failures to upgrade dec cu had a corrupted dlls in it and hanged. just my experience.
bummer
so freaking glad that its gonna be warm on monday. hell ya. sad that ryan is moving in november
i dont really wanna mention much about it online. people might plagerise.
there is just something wrong with stupid vista i hate it.......
i have 7 ton of topsoil to deal with today
just got a call from the s2bx my little one is sick and wants to stay home today.
getting dressed to go to the funeral rip traci
grilling out....good food! at 6 it was 71, at 615, its now 60 i was enjoying the warm wheather while it lasted...
is home from sydney but didnt bring back any doughnuts
i have a headache
house was sad last night. but go heels!
thank you for being a great character on house! im sad to see you go!
nothings worse than planning on going to the mall with no money damn unheavens dunks
feels a headache coming on!
blehhhhhhhhh way to early , feels like puking
i called a few times yesterday now i cant find my cell it might be out in the car.
twitterrific. no
think i mitev ruined any chance of sunshine here. left shorts out last night 2 wear 2day. usually kiss of death 2 sunshine!
tell her i love her so so much, and congratulations on her engagement! just got to la gone the entire weekend miss u all
i have a sunburn mustache! hahaha
wow finally got the ipod touch working!!! yay me!!! missin my boo
grrrrrr i am sick of rain! i got up to watch a race not a parade
my throat feels like i swallowed a hot coal.
yes..!!! i wish i was in la... so you should come with me ..! what you think?
on facebook amp msn ... bored tho xx
if the forcasters are to be believed well be lucky of it lasts till this afternoon
im lonely keep me company! 22 female, baltimore maryland
i cant seem to message anyone it opens a file or something?
sooo sick today! not wanting work
...well i was going to rpm. vespa needs oil, i aint going anywhere
going to sleep, finally, up early, gonna be at the ms walk tomorrow in jersey! paparazzi need to cool it with their quotin ur facequot approach
sad. my sisters dog roscoe died. i loved that guy...
really miss quotrealquot college. . def not the same vibe at hair school. .
didnt see any in whole food last week havent seen any there either
i had a panic attack because of metallica.
im watching house and i need a hug
the only thing im enjoying about this night so far is the wine. ugh, were getting our asses handed to us
ï½356 to make my poorly car better oh well worse things happen anyone got any odd jobs for meeee? lol x
looking for friends, im new to this twitter
im feeling ecstatic!! i met james matthews and josh wilkinson and got james towel xd, maan my ears are still ringing and my throat hurts
in work, working on project plans and prds
says that i probably wont even go and i hate boys
the only bit that got me really was when he said babs was a bad mum im sure that hurts her even though shes laughing.
morning all 1st appointment of the day the dentist !
hope they are treating you well! hospitals are no fun
fuck after yesterday, whats the point in chasing after her anymore....for once in my life i guess its just not ment to be
how? i donot understand
they ignoring me
ugh my head, too many margaritas for a monday cant wit for the arsenal game though!!!
coachella is coming to a close
i do too... ahhhhh
i dont sell very often on ebay.
it hurt like a mother fucker
back at work.... and not in the mood
has had just no luck whatsoever with the mcdonalds monopoly stickers this week
my cat has a fat lip
tirrred. watching chris crocker videos. just made some rocky rooaad, i wanna eat it but the chocolate hasnt set
he said that he thought i was too cute for him lol i thought that was kinda sad
it was...a lamb
i dunno how to use the forum and i get frustrated with it. ill miss talking to you on here.
boys can suck real big ass sometimes
welcome to mine amp world lol. we have some wonderful dreams but the dr never comes to help us lol
is incapable of getting anything done
i really luv and i wish he would reply..!? mucha.. mucha..!
you didnt ask about my day today!!
i just almost made the biggest booboo of my life.
wow. yankees 2 pitcher goes 11 innings. now has a 34.5 era.
one hour latebad plumbers
wee drunk night with my ladies .......so dont wont claire to go to oz
down with fever catch you tomorrow everyone, gonna sleep early...
i have realised something. whenever i cant text phoebe i email her, like in macau, i emailed her endlessly, its the same now no sykes!
i have no idea how to use twitter. no one wants to follow me cause im a bland person.
haha, thats great. im not doing anything really. i dont feel good.
my little baby is sick today... sad face
sigh... gonna take a while to find all the files argh
omygosh! my lupus rash on my face is so awful this morning! i look like a monster
mcprusa lives!!! always in our hearts. goodbye puerto rico
no no no please dont ill like cry for days booboo
off to bed. gotta get up early tomorrow
is behind 5 smokers in a long ass line to a bar that is blasting some bs music. this is my hell.
i dont want tomorrow
mmmm, just had some fresh cream victoria sponge. looooovely..but now i feel a bit sick
wants to buy big bang theory on dvd!! byeeee.x
what do you mean leave it?
new xserves. new higher price. no surprise there then
thankyou! hobbies? such things have lapsed since having children watching tng reruns seems to be the nearest i get now
just leavin work, my feet hurt
feeling awful, not hangover ill but ill and what am i doing for the rest of the day? working
thats what they want is new fans. they dont care about us.
this is strange, illegal torrents avlbl everywhere, legal dvd not in stock what do i do now???
awww i miss you too
bummed that i forgot to go to walmart this morning at 5am on my way to work to get the new rf cd! ug! guess ill go on my way home
im not bitter, but ive got better days
yesh its a bank holiday but everyone else is working. trains, traffic, everything screwed as usual
trying sushi for the very first time,.... but not being very open minded sorry
trying to reduce the number of cigarettes in each day!
710 crusaders lead!
you need to use this more, me also but i cant use it on my phone while im in germany..
my hair used to be song long what happened?
wish i was one of ones marilyn manson sings about... the beautiful people, the beautiful people... wish i could afford plastic surgery..
uh.. february something, haha! imy!
idk when iim goin baq 2 the bay hopefully by friday 0r saturday im getting homesick amp i miss wakin up next to my other halfmoe
is hungover and just wants to stay in bed all day ?
i need a pick me up. probably should be tackling cardio right now. like thats gonna happen...
well, honestly, your baritone isnt built for camp.
i. want. to. cuddle.
has nothing to do today.
ugh.. im tired but i dont wanna go to bed btw, 17 again was awesome! uh.. im so bored. well well, i always find something to do.. xd
our littlest hen is looking a bit miserable, hope its not the return of being eggbound
trying to find a oral surgeon who accepts my dental insurance! i have to get my wisdom teeth pulled out
is going to work.
and i cant i have another doctors appointment at 9 and another one at 11. sucks.
just had my lunch and did my chores boring....
has a bad head
haha i know eh. but im thinking about vet science at sydney uni. cept that the guy wasnt there last night. he was in hostpital
cant upload a photo
i could be very sick today
...callin it a nite....boring me ltlol. sometimes thats how it is when u got kids...
aww this earthquake in italy has made me sad just saw the pics on the news, its terrible.
omg,i now know what the readathon is about,i had no idea abt this event...i wish i cud have known earlier amp participated!
dang virus! ive avoided the sickness thing going around but one of my computers has not... crap
busted out in 7th place...suckie, but fun
so the island wont be available before easter i hoped it would be an easter present for the players
baskin robbins!
clean me!
why do we have to gv xams! isnt knowing just enough!..........generations of oppressed students must have felt the same way as i do...
at first i thought this was a crazy bendmeover email, nope just spam
...people who have had this, and she says they have all been the same. its vicious.
yea,im abt to leave nowgirl,they are out there straight partyin lol makin all that noise
monkey just woke up. she must not be feeling well. she also wet her sheet
and it was a great song too
fuck! i always wanted to play the fiddle.
i really wanted joel to say quotjesusquot on cbs this morning. alas, he did not fb
bbutton ring fell off needa replace one asap bbutton ring fell off needa replace one asap
i hate money...
back to work on monday after 2 weeks off
yeah, just 7 weeks left, but all of them will be spent working just on uni work and no m cubed stuff
all done at the winery... i had a great time!!! now i must drag my rear into work.
i feel like ive been hit by a ford alton f650 xuv, and let me tell ya that is one big xuv, so you can just imagine how sick i feel.
you cant plaaaay on broken strings.. ! unfortunaley ! now i gotta bike all the way to the guitar store 40 minutes! o to buy a new one
i wanna go ghost hunting in my town tonight, but i dont think anyone wants to go with me. i dont wanna go alone, either.
morrissey is done waiting for paul mccartney.
im sooo hungry . . . im ready to be stuffed!
agreed.
on my way to beckys wedding... byebye sister
really busy loads of projects to complete.
hey saw u guys play pushover..didnt get 2 meet u tho cuz of th huge line i was very upset lol..a msg would make up 4 it!
o no waffles! will have a banana instead...
just got 2nd opinion about my illness. not a good opinion.
lonely. bored. tired. lonely
cause i woke up early and i have nothing to do im watching gay twilight and now im gonna watch xmen 2 ahaha
bed time, stressful week
emailing oceanup about todays event, even though i didnt go!
gd mornin world. i hav a cold.. my throat is burnin!
my throat hurts. stupid weather.
i think zydeco popped a hole in the air bed. oh, crap.
watching arsenal vs chelsea on tv, no liverpool so i would go for arsenal
wow, the month quotmayquot completely slipped my mind. my vacation just got pushed back 31 days
but.... it doesnt come with a flashlight
woke up to see the ground covered in snow...in april!
i lost my cell phone. gunna go hangout with my friends again. peace out girl scouts. lol
i am sorry ttt, i dont have sb cake pic, that was in my phone when it died and i lost all my pics.
sigh rain??? why did you decide to show up? move away! you were not invited to the tuesdayparty this is not the start i hoped for
isnt happy... i was just forced to install silverlight on my machine. shame on asot400
i wish i could be at home for easter
starting to resent always being struck by creativity after midnight, then having to get up for work in the morning
i think i need to go to twitterholics anonymous......
was i right about your shirt? i didnt understand your lol about it!
hmm... not good meeting someone you know and...like when youre all sweaty and grungy. wish they had showers in here.
it wasnt mine! dont give them to me.
bored. stomach ache
yeah, i know they are touring in usa soon, but i couldnt go, its during the week in philly
im watching the oc, oliver has just appeared grrr lol
look at those seats emptying. sad night in portland.
is so very sick and just wants to be in my bed at home
school tomorrow i want more holidays!
delicious lol. devo, cant go tomorrow come get me? lol kidding!
peanut sauce does not agree with me
had a long recharging sleep last nite but wif nightmares one last night in medan.....
kutner cant be dead on house
im getting really lazy with my twitter updating
hmm im trying to upload my picture but it isnt working
umm.... it should. it really really should. but it doesnt. brilliant idea fail for lack of a putty tat!
heart breaking loss for the celtics
ffs.car wouldnt start. again. so i cant get to the doctors now bad timesss
homework homework homework
played codwaw and halo3 after gym. got ass handed in halo 259.
i cant upload a photo of myself! this is sooo confusing!
please! i need someone to go to it with me.
it actually rained all day today where i live it kinda sucked...lol
its kinda freezing in our store.
hate my life sometimes xx
school. and errands. without will and thats the sad part
at home without my queen
but they dont care of the implications of that information. frankly too few care about sec when lives are at stake
im not not televised on mlbei or other sports channels. cant watch another game till tues night.
i dont want to go to bed i want to talk to you amp the other kbitches! rawr. stupid sleep calling me...!
aww, that sux
why do other pet care people try to run others out of business? or send suspicious emails fishing for info?
doesnt want to go to work
watching hells kitchen, its rubbish but i dont have the remote!!
y do u hate yourself?
thats so cool! cant wait to see it! to bad its not ognna be sold here in nz!
really cold and miserable morning. didnt get a workout in last night or this morning, this sucks
wish i could view it on my phone
y am i not following u anymore? and its not letting me follow u
right now i wish i had a decent desktop
havent update this in a while bin stuck with my gf during the week. now im bk in class learnin
just booked a dentist appointment, what joy
at ambers, gonna go straighten this mess, im trying to call hair. oh the fun im sure to have haha
god i miss nick so much i need him and his love badly.
aww no its not hot at all! today it was supposed to get up 2 70 but it only got up 2 65 and on monday it going to be 40 out!
no they are not.. stupid changes! why they did last year and not this year?
not sure what to think about anything right now.
sick, i guess no ftsk show tonight.
punched in the face, not good.....my head is sore x
i wanted that woot
im working and im mad about it
i get my new camera on thursday! im so excited i could piss myself. oops i already did!
i remember like it was yesterday .. i miss you
tch such a pity im gonna miss youre trip here
installed the new derailleur and i needed to adjust the headset. i discovered the steerer tube is too long. so no raptobike tomorrow.
it was awesome meeting you too! im sad that we didnt get a chance to shoot im in florida btw. any plans to visit? lol
sliced my finger
peanut butter goes missing at the worst possible times
twitter is a lot less interesting since cute people suddenly stopped flirting with me
wishing we had an official sxsemia ford car. stuck with crappy dodge charger rental.
i am just bored i love household hacker!
finally home... sooo tired..
thank you, he is the joy of my life amp has helped with the pain of losing my 18 year old son 2 years ago in a car accident.
yay!!! ... as all who choose to not do right ... even the one i voted for this time ... thank you and follw ur happy
what a boot. i would have demanded one stinking scone from her mighty haul
been doing eyedrops four times a day for almost a fortnight now. i miss every single time and end up with a wet face. epic, epic fail.
the themes are imaginary friend, aliens, pirates and selfportrait. the last one isnt much of a problem, but the rest... ugh. help?
that page doesnt exist!
i missed it pussycatisland
still on my quotlions amp tigers amp bearsquot shyt............. but god is good consequently, i will be too
still havent got my coffee. im done. help me
haha im not that ballin. i still got bills to paaaaay
i want a guy like carmello or jimmy
feels that she will fall sick again..
is it a polar bear?
im not ready for school yet
who even has a nielsen box? rightwing, fox news watching, quotperfectquot god fearing families from what i can see... not a decent tv audience
hello, i cant seem to get the site to add my business listing to the shopping cart.
i activated my selfcontrol block early, meaning i cant check out the new qc. regularizing my internal clock is might be difficult. fb
not an option
last day before back to college! noo ive enjoyed being off so much! going to write up my history essay and then maybe do some maths?!
is never going to eat mcdonalds again! they have ruined the humble junior burger with pepper and now it tastes like crap
my mom is making me go because my brother wants to see his grandma. i dont even like her than much
amazon s3 plugin not worked in my website . it need php 5 . but my hosting provider has only php 4.4 . very sad.
be offline
yep, i need something permanent. people are whinging at me because they cant get free vectors off my blog
rachel and jessy r making me work out thanks you guy
oh no! unless you just mean he dropped you off somewhere and went on to another appointment, thats horrible, im so sorry.
i would have loved to organized one but do not have the technology
the muppet whatnot workshop site is temporarily down, apparently totally sold out quotworking hard to get it back asapquot hurry up, yall.
praying for my niece. she will be 15 on april 23 and after a week of being very ill, found out it is her gallbladder.
dats wasup... y u bein mean to me? talkin about who cares so mean
food is making me sick
its amazing what a bonehead i am sometimes. i need to start paying attention i think.
i just saw a video of grown man from champaign,il. i can tell donnies back is hurting him in it his usual hip action is toned way down!
with someone i know i hurt you, and thats why im sorry
worst combination ever 2 cups of coffee, vitamin pill, cereal and milk.
i want a grill...
i hope not too! maybe its cause im tired from the work week. hopefully tmrw ill be ok.
i am feeling under appreciated and taken advantage of
me thinks its my turn for what has.
me sorreh..
im so tired right now guys, ive had loads of sleep its really wierd! not well
all my friends are in colorado or moving back to colorado! you all should come to tennessee!!! and live here!
i know right! with his fronting ass. damn well you got to chill with him
hahhahah i can imagine that would have caused great laughter...wish i had the guts to do that
wow, i cant get my wife to get on twitter... satchat
its been a rough couple of days. my grandpop passed away and birdie has not been sleeping well thus causing me more stress.
theyre horrible, theyre out to get me
feet hurt from standing on concrete for the last 8 hours.
i hear you, friend
im lonely
bout to start studyin! got lgs test tonight
savhanna too bad muffin 3 isnt there
my left eyeball hurts! ugh! and theyre both dry and itchy f u wind. f uuuu.
i feel worn out and its only tuesday
soooo full! and surrounded by dragons fans yay, but i still wish i was at tuggerah
cant go back to sleep
not long left of the hols x
so tired of crying...
did the heroics ever go through! if not sorry!
soooo tirred and jade wont pick up im hungry. amp lost my voice for a while.
mmmm chocolate cupcake.... this is all lorraine kellys fault you know, her and her cakestand full of cupcakes.. im getting hooked
i wish the hills started here tonight aswell
doing surgeries. had to withdraw from a tennis tournament because i wont be done in time. im the number 1 seed too!
im a little sad that all my spam friends have been deleted.
deadline ahead
working today!
the imposter showing had a great turn out!! seemed like everyone was there...accept me...my flight was delayed cause of weather all good.
he hatez me.
neither can we. thats wy we are stuck i repeat, stuck at a bar. so sad
feeling blue...and almost everybody says that my jokes are bad.
mine are close to that.....
well text me when you have it. weee
mate what time you gettin there? not gonna be able to hang around for the late bit but comin down to support you fo sho
is sofaking dumb, she cant figure out how to make a picture small enough to post on here
winkler tomo! have to get up at 6
early symptoms yet nothing too bad still hoping its just that
forget the haters!! dont delete your twitter!
aw, thats sad. im sorry to read that.
i hate bumble bs
has ridiously large volumnes of spam emai inbox has been flooded for 5 days... today is no better
my current contract will be up before then damn
morning everyone! in serious need of some decent coffee.. why isnt the catering open yet at 08.30?
its a very good movie, funny but sad!!
chucks are great, and quite comfortable, but not for hours and hours of walking...my feet hurt.
ecg and doctor appointment this morning. 9 hours of sleep is not enough when youre sick!
lt3
driving to jury summons
am getting myself to concoct long paper proposals
i do have tweetdeck, but it seems to crash my computer every time i use it.
says so many things to do, so little time!
just bought 2 more games for my ps3 haze and skate 1. only had 40 bucks with me, so couldnt buy any better game...
oh, shawkey i just commented on your quotmyface.quot im so sorry. ill send a big envelope of healing glitter.
tooo early. im running late.
doing homework.
italia i want to go back
ive never been to one so idk how could i make it up with something else..
no more twitter mr. michaels ps. see you june 10
had a grilled steak but now my tummy is upset
just chillin at home... my body aches from rock climbing.. ouch!!!
is confused as to whether is being axed or not so confusing
when the going gets tough the tough get going n i ant tough
spanish orals french orals bordem 1 books 100 sheets
not like that!! haha..
leaving for school. fuck so much to do today...
thats really sad i wolud hate that! but i had choco milk earlier d lol
ohnoes whats up bansal?
well that was the general idea! then found out could only watch football in bar later. then got call at lunch to meet someone
doing some architectural modeling for a change now, going smooth so far. intuos 4 m is looking very tempting... cant get one yet
is cold
didnt get to see the mavs tonight but glad they won
i accidentally stepped on my power strip off button and now my internets are fucked up dammit
aw i know. i miss us and our random hockey fights and that game we made up that was epic but we cant remember it
also the last day of holidays tomorrow
i am layin in bed 3am cos my tummy is beatboxn so bd so i hd 2 wake up. cant eat. unburnable calories nt gd for my quotabsquot i am hungry!
going to sleep have a busy day going to meetings and stuff miss my girl shes in switzerland
just working the beautiful weekend away boo. but i have a birthday next week!!
your house spoiler link made me sad. i didnt click it but now i sorta have an idea who the twist involves.
a that sucks! are you going to the sydney one?
ddddd poor you
no one will make one with me though
throat killing me and missing gordon
started knitting a bag its orange like the sun which is in hiding
theres lots of peeps who couldnt afford the cruise amp i happen to be one of them...so sad
yawn im going to bed now and i still havent been able to talk to the boyfriend.... d
are you going to let us know how exaggerated it is then?
cant wait i miss yal soo much
my moms been giving it to me coz she sees how much i struggle with sleep
whats wrong with the car? mines not behaving either
journalist throws shoe at chidambaram
is not going to sleep tonite.
i found a thorpe park brochure from 2004 whilst looking for a revision notebook. im jealous that annual passes used to be ï½80
sometimes i just dont get it. i wish i got it.
how far away will tier 3 be!?
my anger is getting bigger for every minute that goes by. i got some uglycomments on one of my videos.
time to gett the dog from the wett what a shity day
ive got slippy socks on and skidded off the bottom step of the stairs and twatted my knee on the wall. waaaah
ooops make that australian not welsh...
i really dont think people choose to be that way. but i think he chose not to accept my familys help he might be dead by now
heading off to my hell. need a vacation badly! im 32 and havent been on one since i was 16. cant afford one though
you asked for a quotvolunteerquot for monday, not sure mine will be there
wow... sorry good luckkkkk
no, it dies in 3 hours. not much of a backup! lmao.
its a sad, sad day im selling one of the puppies today
having my first lie in in ages has given me a headache
lt33 codez....theyve been mia tho
its so hard to fall asleep
i was so sick, i was wide awake last night. damn because i totally go out its so nice out wtf i hate colds. __
my trainer calls ... i have to go to sport
goodnight.
i was being all nerdy amp thinking they could help me with my metropolitan area network
needs some coffee.
ill probably dream about you
who stol my nick thehorn?
crap! forgot lipstick amp straw hat. and i know theyll interview me today. got spf50 but woulda liked to look good for interview
man i havent watched tv in weeks! whats wrong with me
i will never like getting up at 5 am dumb work schedule.
tomorrow seems too far away to play littlebigplanet again. my sackboy must be super lonely.
lol yea. i really hated that episode last night. and i hated the fake obit online even more. im gonna miss him.
is running on low batteries....
i dont want to believe what im reading...buu,so sad
what is your webpage about? i dont understand russian
my nose is bleeding
is photographing this is hell tonight!!! damn, i really want to go to groezrock
because he doesnt like you
if your best friend in the whole world died in a sudden car crash, what would you say to her parents? that just happened 2me
if im as intouch as the grammys i have probs
needs to study for quant and do legal process assessment for 2moro
thanks come do it with us next time! 2011 almost in the teens
so jealous i cant be there to hear it
neti pot following directions massive sinus pain, congestion yesterday, drainagebronchial cough today.
yeah half way through the conversation i started to get ready
im quite tempted in getting one of the eeepcs on woot.com for 150 but i really need the slightly larger version for my hands
hey v!! i havent talked to you in a while.
im keeping my distance well well away from your comments , this is not good for the male species
i dont want it to end !!
that sounds like a great show! shame im at work
just called animal control...not feeling good about having the kitten picked up, but no other options at this point...
is so upset that im sick because i wanted to run on the beach at asbury park tommorow
i wish the hawaii food banks food drive wasnt always so close to the letter carriers food drive may 9
just woke up, it was supposed to go shopping today but ive got too much homework so im not going hate school... 61 days!
feeling like the only one in my country listening to asot
hey, i had lunch in bogor today. too bad we didnt meet
awkk!!! ive only got two followers.... not good!!
my video feed went down again.. asot400
saw the one with a gsd covered in them, and i could not stop crying. i just bawled and bawled
while i am up this time, i believe i am too tired for scene it
i never thought that i could hate sombody, but i really hate you ï½tobe d....ï½, i only gave you all of my love and you pay me so bad!
i just heard my crush like scream shes african lmao hes so cute
desperate times call for desperate measures. record high of car breakins in btv. i was one of them
is up too early for a sunday
he took down the chat again
flight b4 us got canceled hoping ours at 330 wont otherwise we have 2 drive 2 dallas 2 get on r connection.
lookin forward to the day i have enough energy to stay up past 1030 on a fri nite. not since 2007 will i ever have those days again?
oh, and i appreciate yall doing shows in the sipp... ima a sippi girl for life.. too bad i couldnt be there
but its 105 am amp theres none in the house
oh man... i wanted chuck to win. oh well ufc97
..only one day left of sb09
my mind and body are severely protesting this quotgetting upquot thing. had nightmares to boot
taking a nap this cold is kicking my butt
great flight to tokyo, too bad we missed our connection to bangkok! waiting it out till morning
i dont like the previously on skins thing that starts at season two. i like it when it went straight into the intro like before
being borde and watchin a movie called the holiday
i confess. i am never gonna be thin again if keep consuming crap. there i said it.
my q key broke
wanna go 2 my dads house
i almost want to cry because im so damn frustrated. i cant breathe through my nose at all, so i cant sleep. no restno getting better.
nah. it has not came out yet. i do not think it is this weekend either. ima mega sad.
its all bc his friends play with them.
rain, rain, rain they started behind the safety car f1
cleaning my room. its gross, ive been putting this off for to long.
did you have a great show last night? i got there too late to see you. why were the fuckin lights on so bright?
see thats why i never go to bed early, cause if u sleep u miss things!! i slept i missed joe!!!!!!!! unhappy and!!
nothing really i have a 9 12 hour shift at work today boo! and nor only that iam in dead zone so ill be tweetless
of nyc celebrity street vendors gt of poa celebrities
first breaks almost over!!! a
i wonder if is also for mac tiger. didnï½t find info. i fear it is only for leopard
dammit. i wanted to party it up with in your guest room... lol
still pffffffffffffffffffffffffffff, i want to go home
sad that the time shift means its dark when we go home.
it appears i am allergic to the dish soap we were using my hands are peeling like they have a very bad sun burn
........sigh long distance i fucking hate it. but on the brighter side,random ass road trip to famu today.then fort valley monday! oboy
pbs is showing peter falk, then squid and the whale tonight! i better leave before it becomes too difficult to.
im sorry i got you sick. lol. going to bed too. night!
a new two wheel vehicle! i dont know how to shorten things yet
lovely spring am in ohio its snowing. no accumulation expected though. supposed to start warming up again tomorrow thank goodness!
i need help i want to make my bff dream come true
yup. im at work. im on midshift na e.
what is common between chidambaram and george bush ?
going to school in twenty minutes. i have a headache t_t. im not looking forward to meeting my angry teacher
nearest store is 5 miles away
i know. thats why i do it.
is chillin, having nothing to do on a saterday night!!
yeah fing id cards. and weve become such good friends in the past weeks
as of now, it still aint up yet
twitter on the crackberry still a nogo
misses updating her calendar. bored.
this looks like a great series on different bike marques if only i had discovery hd...
loads to do chores, paperwork and prep for next saturday but giving in to headache and going back to bed.
i can totally see myself loosing waaaay too much time here
oh how i wish i could just stay in bed and sleep tonight off to work in an hour
i dont envy you! i should really be doing my own diy
new post!
forgot to set my alarm and woke up after the sun...gona be late to work
not me it was who is the granny ill be in my 80s before that happens for me
um, that would be a hell no to the fugly poker dog pants on the cruise! hi jonathan, sorry i missed you
thanks but akaaki app for iphone seems to be blocked by french operator bouygues telecom, it only works in wifi
is alone downstairs...working
omg that silver bmw jwas outside my house again n when i looked out it drove off!!! who is this?
ted had to drive to hilton head this morning
just back from 3hrs of cleaning at belfast house . now fed up and hungry!
its a baby duck... cute until they diddle in you hand
the flames need to learn how to win in the playoffs. im sick of our 1st round exits every year.
everyday that there is someone new who meets a twilight cast member in vancouver i kick myself for deciding not to go.
thats kinda sad.
im sorry micalyn . try to feel better and enjoy the day!
my poor little girl has a baaaad rash on her bum and isnt feeling good
that guy snuck over there. i didnt get the invite! hope you all have a freegin great time...
is at shisha with nj and syarif. heheheheh. using syarifs new laptop. lol budak poly
i agree!
story of my lifestop looking and icaisfrank comes again ... what is this i read about a vet visit??? memoriesphotos may help?
i wish that too if someday you figure it out, how do that, dont forget to tell me.
cleaned the 30 panels of living room door glass. both sides. fingers smell of vinegar bruised my little finger too. grr.
only has 4 followers
i really cant study right now. i need motivation! cause its tmrw
just woke up from a nice nap. unfortunately, my stomach hurts, as usual.
good morning i am going for a run this morning, then its off to the dentist for some drilling
im so lonely!!!!!
watching glos get a little bit beaten. not good.
i offered you waffles waffles in love
i need slepp...zzz was only working this sssh...paper eww. when can i sing again?best wishes
prepay for my bm lisan karangan now...
empires is the only bandsongthing that just will not upload on that site.
hahaha not rajin lah. just really stressed, cant go for parties, competitions and really nice shows!! mom forcing me.
wig buying on ebay as im too chicken to dye it because im a fool arse... 11pm already, forgot to eat dinner... off to fry an egg
ahh doing homework school holidays nearly over
sigh. am sitting here working with my leg propped up. its making my ankle feel better but also making my knee hurt
sadness but please keep updating hug
ive just been mikeyyd!! deleted coupla peeps, changed my pword and im up n runnin again. phew!
did you really just take the secrets down? i havent had a chance to read them and write in my postsecret journal about them.
im so tired, have to get up and go in to school during holidays for the 3rd time xxx
missing the fab five
man im too fucked to be in work
but they all do
opps.. as i said.. i still got one day remain and now problem come
got an offer to go camping at fraser island for the weekend, would jump on the offer without a 2nd thought but its forecast to rain
tired and loney... yep thats pretty much it 4 now.
...off to bed! only to be up in 6 hours....
you guys should do your acostic performance at 5! i have a championship meet tomorrow that wont end til then. cami
i didnt even hear of it until i saw the story last night of her being found.i havent been doing news tho.sad story
this is killing me i know i should have left without saying goodbye.
doing hw writin an essay.
havent seen it yet, we watch it on netflix once it come online. so well probably see it tomorrow.
i need food
dont you hate it when your salary gets cut 10 and you have to cancel your vacation to camp meeting and miss leonard sweet speak.
cant sleep and brother is at home with girlfriend and baby so i cant sleep in his room any more
school at least last day!!!!!!
solution will be found!
to bad yvonne wont be there tonight shes having a ladies night so thats pretty cool but i still miss her
is going to have to make the biggest decision ever. and both will ruin my life
the bad parts about fall amp winter bugs falling from trees, amp cold weather.
damn you, noah wyle, and your depressing polar bear commercial!
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck i got the job that i didnt want and i have to take it
at my gfs feeling pretty fat have to go home and get work clothes
how is she doing on it?i havnt spoken to her in ages
stuck in the office on this beautiful south florida day!
wishing i had my carmera
is starving but nothing looks appealing in my fridge
they killed off a character on one of my favorite shows and now im upset
everyone is gone home what a fun day! too quiet here now
